Skip to content
Your Dream Smile is in Your Reach!
TRUST AGAIN – HOPE AGAIN – SMILE AGAIN
Dr. Smith and the team at Purcellville Dental are dedicated to providing an amazing experience to every patient. We offer a full array of convenient and affordable treatment, comfort, and payment options using the latest technology, skilled and experienced hands, and kind, caring hearts. That’s the minimum we think you should expect from your dental care provider, so we start there and then we go beyond. Dr. Smith has a passion for helping patients, no matter how complex the need.
If you LOVE your smile we want to help you keep it.
If you DON’T we want to help you improve it.
If you CAN’T we want to help you with a new one.
If you are FEARFUL and have given up HOPE, we want to compassionately help you SMILE AGAIN.
LEARN ABOUT DR. SMITH
Let us earn your trust and work together to find a solution that is right for you.
Call 1-540-328-6494 to schedule your first step to a smile you can be proud of.
Missing Teeth?
Dental implants are permanent restorations that will have you smiling again. Restore one, a few, or all of your missing teeth.
LEARN MORE
Cosmetic Dentistry
Why just dream about your best smile – when there are so many ways to achieve it?
LEARN MORE
Your Comfort
With sedation dentistry, you can say goodbye to dental anxiety and hello to easy, comfortable care.
LEARN MORE
One-Visit Crowns
CEREC™ precision crowns are made right in the office, in about an hour. No more additional visits.
LEARN MORE
Let us earn your trust and work together to find a solution that is right for you.
Call 1-540-328-6494 to schedule your first step to a smile you can be proud of.
Three Remarkable Get-Acquainted Offers!
Complimentary Dental Implant Consultation
Learn more about dental implants and if they are right for you with our complimentary dental implant consultation. Your consultation even includes a cone beam CT 3-D scan, free of charge.
Offers are for a limited time only. Ask about special financing options/prepayment discount.
Call 1-540-328-6494 now to schedule an appointment.
Treatment for the Whole Family
Bring the whole family, because kids of all ages love us! We are sensitive to the needs of every age group and provide the specific care they need.
LEARN MORE
Smile Gallery
Get the smile you’ve always wanted. It’s easier than you might think!
Before – After
Before – After
Before – After
SEE MORE SMILES
Let us earn your trust and work together to find a solution that is right for you.
Call 1-540-328-6494 to schedule your first step to a smile you can be proud of.
Amazing 5-Star Reviews!
“Dr. Smith, I am very pleased with the work you did on my two front teeth. The results are much better than I had anticipated. Thanks!”—Jim Fry
“Great people, great work, and for me to say that takes a lot with my past history of having been used for fraud by a past dentist. You have made me overcome my fear of dentists.”—Paul Arias
“Everyone is great in the office. I always look forward to my visit. Thanks to all of you. Smiles,” —Ernestine Hayes
“Your staff was exceedingly pleasant, as always. I appreciated the repair and replacement of my crown on such short notice.”—Carolyn Mitchell
“I feel confident that Dr. Smith is prudent and intelligent when it comes to assessment and treatment and I will always be thankful for the root canal he performed because I have had no pain since!”—Ginny Schuweiler
READ MORE TESTIMONIALS
LEAVE A GOOGLE REVIEW
LEARN MORE ABOUT US!
Timothy A. Smith, DDS
609 East Main Street, Suite T
Purcellville, VA 20132
Email Us
1-540-328-6494
OFFICE HOURS
Monday – Thursday
8:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2024 New Patients Inc. All Rights Reserved.
[ Designed by New Patients Inc. ]