Home
What We Do
How We Do It
Projects
About
Contact
Amex Sanivar - your expert for trenchless pipe rehabilitation.
When it comes to rehabilitating damaged pipes, most people immediately think of large construction sites and lengthy trenching. But this does not always have to be the case! Because thanks to modern technologies, there is now an alternative to traditional pipe rehabilitation: trenchless pipe rehabilitation.
As an experienced specialist in this field, Amex Sanivar offers you a fast, cost-effective and, above all, environmentally friendly solution for the repair and rehabilitation of your pipes. In doing so, we rely on state-of-the-art methods such as inliner or pipe lining technology, which allow for a fast and efficient rehabilitation of your pipelines without the need for invasive groundbreaking.
What is trenchless pipeline rehabilitation?
Dig
or
No Dig
We care about the environment - that was one of the reasons Amex and Sanivar were founded all those years ago. By choosing trenchless technologies from Amex Sanivar, there is less pollution, less CO2 released during installation, and less trauma for the world. So which do you choose:
Left - the traditional way for repairing pipes 
or
Right - our trenchless methods?
Amex Sanivar on NDR
Amex® Seals help the city of Hamburg repair their sewage system.
NDR spent the day exploring the canals of Hamburg as they repaired the sewage system with Amex® Seals. 
Check out the video to find out more about the project.
Products
About
Amex Sanivar got its start over 40 years ago actually as two small construction companies - Amex and Sanivar. Since then, Amex and Sanivar have become Amex Sanivar and have grown to develop seals and liners of all varieties, shapes, and sizes. As an innovation leader in the industry, we take pride in the quality of our current solutions, while always keeping an eye to the future. With all of our products being developed and manufactured in Germany and Switzerland, we know that we will have a solution to meet your needs. 
Projects
View Projects
Product Approvals
Amex Sanivar has products approved from some of the leading water and gas organizations around the globe. Here are just a few. 
Company Approvals
Amex Sanivar takes company approvals seriously. Here are just a few.
Clients
Contact
Inquiries
For any inquiries or questions, please call: +49 (0) 203 935 111 40 or fill out the following form
I agree to Amex Sanivar'sData Processing Notice
Submit
German Office
Ungelsheimer Weg 6
40472 Düsseldorf
Germany
support@amex-sanivar.com
+49 (0) 203 935 111 40
+49 (0) 173 621 38 08
DE 815387457
Swiss Office
Amex Sanivar AG 
Neustraße 19 
4623 Neuendorf
Switzerland
support-ch@amex-sanivar.com
 +41 (0) 62 398 22 88
Holding Office
Amex Sanivar Holding AG
Brunnhalde 10
6006 Luzern
Get a quote: 
+49 (0) 203 935 111 40
+49 (0) 173 621 38 08
Company
About us
Contact us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Notice
Impressum
© 2022 AMEX SANIVAR
Resources
Products
Installation
Projects
FAQ
Stay in touch
Sign up to our newsletter to keep track of new product development as well as our events around the world.
Send
I accept Terms & Conditions
We use cookies and similar technologies to enable services and functionality on our site and to understand your interaction with our service. By clicking on accept, you agree to our use of such technologies for marketing and analytics.See Privacy Policy
Accept
Cookie Settings