WE ARE SET TO TREAT MYOPIA,
DIGITALLY
Our Mission
Dopavision is pioneering the development of innovative solutions that target the eye’s innate dopamine pathway to address unmet needs in ophthalmology using digitally delivered light. We are developing a game-changing intervention for childhood myopia that can be easily administered via a smartphone app. Our goal is to provide a clinically validated therapeutic to help in the fight against the global myopia crisis.
ABOUT US
MyopiaX® Clinical Trial
Our lead product is MyopiaX®, a breakthrough technology targeting myopia in children and adolescents. It has the potential to become the first myopia intervention to target the eye’s dopamine pathway using digitally delivered light. MyopiaX® leverages our patented, light-based technology to stimulate specific photosensitive cells in the retina with the aim of impacting myopia progression.
MyopiaX® is undergoing clinical investigation in a multicentric, randomized, controlled interventional study. The trial assesses the safety, tolerability, and signals of clinical effect of MyopiaX® on the progression of myopia in children (NCT04967287). The MyopiaX® clinical trial is an important step toward achieving our goal of providing a low-risk clinically validated digital therapeutic for childhood myopia.
LEARN MORE
The Global Myopia Crisis
Myopia – also known as nearsightedness – is a major public health concern, expected to reach a global prevalence of 50% by 2050. It manifests as blurring of distant objects due to images focusing in front of the retina instead of falling on the retina. This is most often caused by excessive elongation of the eyeball during growth. Severe cases of myopia are associated with sight-threatening conditions, including glaucoma, cataract, retinal detachment, and myopic maculopathy.
At present, interrupting disease progression in children and young adults is regarded as the most promising approach to prevent severe impairments at a later age. We support this myopia management strategy on our mission by developing a transformative intervention that aims to address the condition at an early stage, providing medical benefits for later years of life.
LEARN MORE
Links
Product
Science
Clinical Trial
People
News and Events
Contact
Reach Us
Job Offers
Info
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Our Partners
Dopavision is funded as part of the BMBF’s Industry-in-Clinic Platform Program (FKZ: 13GW0625)
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All