West Updates: Situation in Israel
Cart
100 Years of Being By Your Side for a Healthier World™
For us, things have always been personal; that’s why every product we develop has a patient's name on it. Each one tells a part of our story; another step towards building a healthier world for everyone
Learn More
Announcements
Join our upcoming spring webinars to discover valuable insights on hot industry topics
Register
West is proud to expand our partnership in support of the Eagles Autism Foundation and Eagles Autism Challenge, whose mission is to directly support and advocate for autism research.
Learn More
Our Products
West products promote the efficiency, reliability and safety of the world's pharmaceutical drug supply.  
Learn More
Vial Containment Solutions
Prefillable Systems
Self-Injection Devices
Cartridge Systems and Components
Vial Adapter Systems
Quality Enhancements
Careers
Come join a diverse, close-knit community of professionals, where everyone has a voice and opportunity to learn and grow through mutual trust and respect.  Learn how you can join us and help us to create value for our customers and patients, our community, and our team members.
See Current Opportunities
Featured Blogs
APRIL 23, 2024
A robust extractables data package helps drive patient safety
Focus on extractables and leachables (E&L) from packaging and delivery systems began in the mid-1990s but, since then, regulatory agencies have become more educated, and expectations of the pharmaceutical industry have increased. Examples of updated recommendations include USP<1663> and <1664> and injectable drug recommendations from Product Quality Research Institute (PQRI). Complex drug product formulations have become more common, so it is imperative to have a deeper knowledge of extractables to understand risks associated with potential interactions between packaging and drug product.
Will Parker
Manager, Extractables & Leachables
APRIL 18, 2024
Performance of NovaPure® Plungers for Syringes in Autoinjector Systems
An important element of drug product lifecycle management is anticipating use of delivery systems. When moving from vial systems to pre-filled syringes and autoinjector systems, factors to consider include patient and caregiver needs, drug product requirements, system components, and performance. This article presents performance of West’s 1-3mL and 1mL Long NovaPure® plungers versus legacy plungers for pre-filled syringes in autoinjectors; both plungers are formulation 4023/50 Gray. Performance of the NovaPure® plungers was equivalent to or better than legacy plunger performance in all aspects. Coupled with the enhanced features of NovaPure® plungers, this work indicates they are suitable when best performance is needed.
Amy A. Kim, Le Ho, Tara Haarlander and T. Page McAndrew
APRIL 11, 2024
Human Factors Considerations for Combination Products – Recent FDA Guidance
On September 7th, 2023, a long-awaited final guidance was issued by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) - Application of Human Factors Engineering Principles for Combination Products: Questions and Answers. The document is intended to be used in conjunction with other human factors related guidance and available national and international standards, such as AAMI HE75 and IEC 62366. In this latest guidance, the agency provides its view on best practices for conducting human factors activities for combination products either comprised of a device and a drug or a device and biologic.
Lauren Orme
Director of Regulatory Policy and Intelligence
View More
PRODUCTS
Vial Containment Solutions
Prefillable Systems
Self-Injection Devices
Cartridge Systems And Components
Vial Adapter Systems
Specialty Components
Quality Enhancements
SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS
Analytical Services
West Contract Manufacturing
Where It All Comes Together
Design Development And Engineering
Drug Handling Solutions
Program Management
Fill-Finish Support Services
Regulatory Support
CHALLENGES
Advanced Therapies
De-Risk Transition From Primary Packaging To Combination Product
High Quality Packaging Solutions
Meet Your Next Milestone
Reducing Time To Market
Reducing Total Cost Of Ownership
SUPPORT
Company Impact Updates
Knowledge Center
Get A Product Recommendation
Fill-Finish Support Services
Quality Support
Regulatory Support
Sitemap
Contact Us
Recent Press Releases
West To Participate In Upcoming Investor Conference
West Announces First-Quarter 2024 Results And Declares Third-Quarter 2024 Dividend
West To Host First-Quarter 2024 Conference Call
All Press Releases
Email Subscriptions
Partners
Legal Notices
Imprint
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
DeltaCube™ Terms Of Service
© 2024 West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.®All Rights Reserved.
Feedback