Home
Lawn Turf
Turf Supplies Mansfield
Turf Supplies Nottingham
Customer Reviews
Contact Us
Lawn Turf Suppliers In Mansfield & Nottingham
Welcome to Abbeydale Lawn Turf, a family run company based in Hucknall specialising in growing, supplying and laying quality lawn turf. Based in Hucknall, near Nottingham, we are ideally located to supply our lawn turf to customers within a fifteen-mile radius of Nottingham, Mansfield, Doncaster and Newark.
Established in 1980, we have a wealth of knowledge in over 30 years in the turf business, experienced in growing, cutting, supplying and laying turf, and we are happy to supply our range of quality turf to both commercial and domestic customers throughout Mansfield and Nottinghamshire.
Quality Lawn Turf - Starting From Just £4.20 per SQM*
Abbeydale Lawn Turf grows and supplies three types of lawn turf, to suit all budgets; all our turf is guaranteed to be weed free and is the finest Lincolnshire grass.
We will happy give FREE quotations for “supply only” and “supplying and laying of turf” and provide a next day delivery service when possible, from Monday to Saturday.
Same Day Delivery On Most Occasions
Next Day Delivery Available
We Offer A Comprehensive
Aftercare Service
Price Comparisons - Important!
Please note that all prices quoted on our website are calculated using “Square Metres”, not “Square Yards”. This means our customers receive more for their money when ordering though us, rather than another supplier using “Square Yards”. For example, 10 X “Square Metres” of garden turf is significantly more than 10 X “Square Yards”.
Expert Turf Laying Service Available
We are also happy to complement our turf supplies with a professional turf laying service. Whether you have a small garden or a complete sports field, our professional and experienced staff can lay the grass turf for you.
*Prices subject to change.
FREE DELIVERY
We do not allow collections
Lawn Turf
Turf Supplies Mansfield

Turf Supplies Nottingham
Customer Reviews

Contact Us
Contact Abbeydale Lawn Turf Telephone: 07974 126 155
CONTACT US
Address:
Lynwood, Forest View Drive, Hucknall, Nottingham, NG15 6UD
Telephone:
07974 126 155
Opening Times:
Mon-Sat:09:00am - 6:00pm
Sun:10:00am - 4:00pm
Bank Holidays:09:00am - 6:00pm
FIND US
Copyright © 2024 | Web Design Nottingham By www.getyouonline.co.uk | XML Sitemap
W3C HTML5 W3C CSS3
This website uses cookies. Please let us know if you agree to the use of these cookies :
I Accept
I Decline
Privacy Policy | 3rd Party Data Processors | Disable Cookies