What we do
Your global partner for embedded finance
Liberis is a leading global embedded finance platform with a mission to provide small businesses with accessible and responsible finance. Liberis provides partners with the technology platform and financial solutions to offer hyper-personalised and accessible funding, empowering their small business customers to grow their revenues.
Partnerships platform Get funded
Newsroom
Liberis in the headlines
Previous
Next
1
2
3
Partnerships
Platform
Acquirers
eCommerce
ISO/PSP’s
SaaS Providers
Neobanks
Company
About Us
News & Blog
Working with Liberis
Investor Relations
For Developers
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
US Privacy Policy
Canada Privacy Policy
Complaints
Liberis Germany
Keep in touch
Copyright ©Liberis 2024. This product is provided by Liberis Ltd, Scale Space Building, Ground Floor, 58 Wood Lane London, W12 7RZ (company number: 05654231). Liberis’ Business Cash Advance is a form of receivables finance not a loan. Liberis is not authorised or regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Financial Ombudsman Service will not be able to consider a complaint about Liberis. Amounts advanced are subject to status and our underwriting process before any offer can be made. You will be expected to operate your business in a way that ensures Liberis receives a minimum monthly amount of up to 3% of the total amount owed to Liberis.
Liberis Limited (Firm Reference Number: 902157) is a registered EMD agent of Modulr FS Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 09897919, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Electronic Money Institution (Firm Reference Number: 900573) for the issuance of electronic money and payment services. Your account and related payment services are provided by Modulr FS Limited. Whilst Electronic Money products are not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) your funds will be held in one or more segregated accounts and safeguarded in line with the Electronic Money Regulations 2011.  For more information please see UK Safeguarding Explanation.
[1] Amounts may be subject to change depending on your credit profile at enquiry. Business Cash Advances are subject to an underwriting process before any offer can be made.
[2] As of August 2023, 78% of successful applications received funding within 2 working days.