Skip to content
Call Us Today! (813) 649-8504|info@cre8group.com
LinkedIn
X
Facebook
Email
Marketing and Public Relations that Generate Results
BUILDING YOUR COMPANY'S FUTURE...TODAY
Grow your company, grow your brand.
Do You Need Marketing & Public Relations Services?
LET’S GET STARTED!
Specialists In Telecom and Technology
Marketing & Public Relations
We understand your business and your customers! Our team has B2B and B2C experience in many sectors including fiber transport, voice, wireless, data centers, equipment manufacturers and more! We also work with other industries such as health and beauty, medical, financial and legal.
Marketing
From online to traditional marketing, we will help your company accelerate its presence in your marketspace.
Optimize Sales
Sales and marketing work hand-in-hand. We will develop sell sheets, presentations, webinars, eblasts, events and more!
LEARN MORE
Public Relations
Content marketing and public relations are not the same. At CRE8 Group, we are PR and media relations experts.
Get Recognized
We write and distribute press releases that get your company in the news. Our clients have been in the Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Washington Post and more!
LEARN MORE
Social Media
Social media not only helps customer relations and interaction, it also helps organic SEO.
Interact
It is important to know your social media audience. We develop posts that gain and retainer followers.
LEARN MORE
SEO
Not all marketing companies understand SEO...we do! We develop Google-friendly content.
Google Optimized
We will analyze every page of your website to ensure it complies with the latest Google standards.
LEARN MORE
0
COMPLETED PROJECTS
0
CUPS OF COFFEE
0 Years
TELECOM/TECHNOLOGY EXPERIENCE
0
CREATIVITY HOURS
Our Core Values
We believe in honesty, integrity, accountability and doing the right thing for ourselves and our customers. In addition to building companies, we build long-term relationships.
Professional Services
Analyze, strategize and deliver. Ensuring our clients are positioned to succeed.
Experienced Team
Bringing years of full marketing & PR experience to enable the success of each one of our clients.
Creative Solutions
We love creating brands, ideas and concepts to grab the attention of your prospects and clients.
Return on Investment
We work within budget requirements to grow your ROI.
Building Brands
Let us take your company to the next level! We can be your entire marketing department or your Go-To marketing partner.
CONTACT US TODAY
Only takes a few seconds!
CONTACT US TODAY
Corporate Location
3107 W Ballast Point Blvd
Tampa, Florida 33611 | USA
+1 813.649.8504
info@cre8group.com
CRE8 Group
© Copyright 2024 | All Rights Reserved | CRE8 Group
LinkedIn
X
Facebook
Email