CONTACT US

GET READY!
Our new website is coming in the New Year.

From modest beginnings, PE Systems has evolved over three decades to become a multi-million-pound provider of secure power solutions with an unrivalled reputation for quality, service and innovation.
Embracing the challenges of the new millennium, the Lancashire-based company has thrived under the leadership of its founders, Mike and June Smith, and continues to flourish against a landscape of unprecedented change in the marketplace.

We recognise that the greatest asset of any business lies in its people. The relationships we build both within the organisation and in the marketplace are critical to our success.
Our customers look upon us as a key stakeholder within their business, a claim we are immensely proud of, and one which we believe stems from the honest and robust relationships we’ve nurtured, often over many years. Our customers value us not simply as a reliable and trusted supplier, but rather as a strategic partner committed to investing in their future.

Drawing on our combined knowledge and experience, PE Systems is able to offer custom solutions geared to meet your needs.
The approach we take at PE Systems is individually tailored to each customer, ensuring our products are bespoke and, more often than not, made to order.
Our broad customer-base represents all the major fields where sustainable power supplies are deemed critical to the continuity of their operations, such as national utilities, telecommunications, data centres and transport infrastructure, as well as within the public, commercial and industrial sectors..
Our ethos is simple. To provide quality products with the power to perform, the reliability to deliver and the durability to last.
Backed by our five-year warranty pledge, our products are fully supported to meet your logistical and technical requirements during installation, commissioning and servicing.
All of our products are designed and manufactured in the heart of Lancashire and include:
Put it in the hands of the experts at PE Systems, contact us today to speak to one of our experienced team.
For Inquiries: 01942 260330 or email sales@pe-systems.co.uk
COMPANY
Home
About
Our Products & Solutions
News
Contact
PRODUCTS
DC UPS
AC UPS
Power Generators
Hybrid Energy
Marshalling & Power Distribution
Portable Solutions
Energy Storage
Battery Monitoring
SOLUTIONS
Energy Innovations
Installation & Commissioning
Service & Maintenance
Advice, Design & Training
SUPPORT
Emergency Support
Downloads
Careers
LEGAL
©1987-2023 PE SYSTEMS LTD.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | REGISTERED IN ENGLAND: 02117413 | VAT REGISTRATION NO: 457 9678 76 | REGISTERED OFFICE: UNIT 2 HINDLEY GREEN BUSINESS PARK, LEIGH ROAD, HINDLEY GREEN, WIGAN, ENGLAND WN2 4TN
Another creation by Lemon Zest Creative | 01942 670100 | Helping you to find focus through design, print & digital media.
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. I Understand