Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Manage services
Accept All
Customise
Cookies and GDPR
Privacy Policy
0333 200 1756
Cold Water Booster Sets
info@flowtech.org.uk
Login
Flowtech
Flowtech Water Solutions
About Us
Our Expertise
Our Ethos
Flowtech Water Solutions are experts in water services and water booster sets. We have continuously supplied a wide range of standard and custom products since being founded in 1996.
Now established as a major force in the market, partnering nationally with local councils, design engineers, mechanical contractors, developers, and end users.
Our company has a strong customer service ethos that has been shown in previous projects and the need to respond quickly to whatever our client’s requirements are. Flowtech Water Solutions will handle projects from initial enquiry/tender to design and through to order placement and on site commissioning followed by an annual maintenance contract if required.
Click to accept marketing cookies and enable this content
Flowtech operate a network of Service Engineers located throughout the UK. The distribution of engineers means that in the majority of cases we are less than 2 hours away from attending a customer call out.
We place great emphasis on providing technical back up to support our Service Engineers and in resolving some difficult operational and technical issues. We pride ourselves on completing a project on time, within budget and never leaving a problem unresolved, or a customer waiting. This quality of service has made us the first choice for our customers.
Service and Maintenance
This section holds information exclusively for members. Members will need to log in to gain access to these pages.
Access to our exclusive member’s resources library, included within is our wide range of product information including data sheets, technical drawings, O&M Manuals and training videos.
Register
Login
Need Expert Assistance? Contact our sales team today on 0333 200 1756 or info@flowtech.org.uk
LINKS
Products
Contact Us
Accreditations
ISO Certificate
KIWA Certificate
POLICY
Legal Centre
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies & GDPR
STAY IN THE LOOP
SUBSCRIBE
Copyright © 2024 Flowtech Water Solutions. All Rights Reserved. Company Registration Number: 05125479