SHARE
About Us
Professionals
Offices
Services
Newsroom
Social Responsibility
Diversity & Inclusion
Careers
Contact
Richard P. Beem
Partner - Email
vCard Print PDF
With more than 30 years of experience in patent law across a range of technologies and industries in the U.S. and abroad, Richard Beem enjoys working with each client to serve their business and to protect their intellectual property. From preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications to litigation, trials and appeals, Rich assists clients in securing their intellectual property rights — and, more importantly, contributes to the success of their innovations and ultimately to the growth of their business. To serve clients' national and global intellectual property needs, Rich maintains relationships with top lawyers who assist in protecting inventions and technologies in many other regions and countries.
Rich has worked with clients in many industries and technologies, including:
Chemicals and polymers
Computers and computer-implemented inventions
Electronics
Gaming
Internet-based applications and services
Manufacturing and processes
Mechanical and electro-mechanical devices
Medical information systems and devices
Oil and gas
Pharmaceuticals
Software
Rich has extensive experience as a patent trial lawyer, including appearances in U.S. district courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) and in the appellate phase before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Also, he often acts as a co-counsel or local counsel with referring attorneys in patent infringement cases.
Early in his career, Rich gained business and technical experience, having worked as a refinery operations engineer for an oil corporation and as a technical sales representative for a water and process management solutions leader. He also served for two years as law clerk to the Honorable Edward S. Smith, Circuit Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. During this time, Rich worked on hundreds of appeals from the Patent Office and federal courts and tribunals. Since then, he has continued building an extensive network of associates worldwide through his leadership and involvement in U.S. and international professional associations.
Rich is the past president of the U.S. group of the International Association for the Protection of Intellectual Property (AIPPI) and a leader at the bar locally, nationally and internationally. He has published and lectured on patent law and practice in the U.S., Europe and Asia.
Representative Experience
180s, Inc. et al v. Gordini U.S.A., Inc. (D. Md.). Currently defending client in pending patent and trade dress infringement case.
Air Products v. Commissioner of Patents (D.D.C.). Won summary judgment against U.S. Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks, resulting in reinstatement of client's patent application.
American National Can v. Continental PET Technologies (D. Conn.). Represented patent owner in discovery and motion practice in patent infringement case.
Biopolymerengineering, Inc. et al. v. Biorigin (N.D. III.). Successfully obtained Stipulated Dismissal from plaintiff of all claims during case involving patent infringement litigation, discovery and motion practice.
BlackJack Sulky Ltd. v. Evolution Racing, LLC et al. (N.D. Ohio). Successfully reached a settlement on patent infringement case for defendant.
Colt Industries v. Index-Werke. Briefed patent infringement appeal in Federal Circuit court.
D.Y.L. Co., Ltd. v. Camping World, Inc. (N.D. III.). Represented plaintiff in pet food container patent infringement case where monetary settlement was reached including stipulated final judgment including permanent injunction against defendant.
Ellenby Technologies, Inc. v. Fireking Security Group, et al. (N.S. Ill.). Represented plaintiff in patent infringement litigation, and litigated to settlement.
GlaxoSmithKline v. Torpharm, Warner-Lambert v. Torpharm, and Abbott v. Torpharm (N.D. III.). Represented pharmaceutical client in patent infringement litigation, discovery and motion practice.
Heat-N-Glo v. Heatilator (S.D. la.). Represented client in patent infringement and trade secret litigation involving direct vent fireplaces. Successfully won motions and partial dismissal en route to a settlement.
Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc. (Fed. Cir.). Handled appeal from USPTO (appellant/applicant) for an electronic medical records software. Following opening brief, Solicitor agreed to vacate patent-eligibility rejection and application was ultimately allowed without further prosecution.
James River v. Hallmark Cards (E.D. Wis.). Represented client in paper plate patent litigation.
Knorr-Bremse v. Dana, 383 F.3d 1337 (Fed. Cir. 2004) (en banc). Successfully convinced the Court to hold that no adverse inference can be drawn from refusal to waive attorney-client privilege and produce opinion of counsel. Rich was principal author of brief of amicus curiae American Bar Association, which helped in this case.
Lakewood Engineering and Mfg. Co., Inc., Gregg Szilagyi et al. v. Chicago American Manufacturing, LLC. et al. (Bankr. N.D. III.). Defended client patent and trademark infringement, discovery and motion practice for box fans product.
MCI v. AT&T (E.D. Pa.). Defended telecommunications software patent infringement litigation.
Mentor v. Inamed, McGhan Medical, and Cox-Uphoff. Represented client in patent infringement litigation and appeals in Central District of California (Los Angeles), U.S. Bankruptcy Court for C.D.Cal. (Santa Barbara) (received recommendation from Court for litigation results and favorable settlement), N.D. Tex. (Dallas), Federal Circuit and U.S. Supreme Court.
MIT Automobile, Inc., et al., Gary Mfg. (W.D. Missouri). Represented U.S. and Chinese defendants in case of alleged patent infringement involving truck lift systems, obtained dismissals and settlements.
Mohawk Resources Ltd., Vehicle Services Group, LLC, v. (S.D. Ind. and USPTO before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board). Represented defendant, obtained Inter Partes Review instituted for all petitioned claims; and settled case through mediation.
NanJing ManWei Fushi Co. Ltd. (N.D. IL). Represented defendant in trademark infringement pertaining to website product promotion and sales. Obtained settlement and partial recovery of funds.
Phillips Petroleum v. U.S. Steel et al. Team member in successful Federal Circuit appeal affirming district court judgment of patent infringement, culminating 30 years of litigation and interferences over Nobel prize-winning invention of crystalline polypropylene.
Portfolio Technologies, Inc. v. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. and Medtech Products, Ltd. and Intellx, Inc. Represented plaintiff in patent infringement litigation, discovery and motion practice, trial (International Trade Commission). Briefed appeal and oral argument in Federal Circuit regarding male prophylactics.
Power Probe v. Innova Electr. (D.Nev.). Representing defendant in case of alleged patent infringement involving automotive electronics testing device.
Presto Industries v. Dazey Corporation (N.D. III.). Represented client in design patent and trade dress litigation.
Rite-Hite Corporation v. Serco Corporation (N.D. Tex.). Completed four-week jury trial where jury found both parties' patents valid and not infringed.
Sabratek, Inc., Sims Deltec, Inc. v. (D. Minn). Represented defendant in case of alleged patent infringement, resolved through settlement.
SFG, Inc. v. Kimbal Musk, et al. (N.D. III.). Litigated trademark infringement case for plaintiff, resolved by settlement through mediation.
Torpharm v. Genpharm & Novopharm. Briefed and argued Federal Circuit appeal and prepared and filed petition for certiorari to U.S. Supreme Court
Presentations
Presenter, “Software Patent Appeal Victory,” Intellectual Property Owners – IPO Webinar, Committee on Software-Related Inventions, December 19, 2018
Presenter, “What Will You Trade? Knowledge, IP, Global Impact,” Technology, Globalization and Culture, Iowa State University, October 10, 2018
Presenter, “Winning, Gatekeeping, Courtesy,” John Marshall Law School Program on Ethical Issues Arising in Patent Litigation, April 27, 2018
Presenter, “Protect Valuable IP in Key Markets,” Technology, Globalization and Culture, Iowa State University, November 1, 2017
Presenter, “Patentability of Software Inventions,” American Intellectual Property Law Association (AIPLA), IP Law Associations Committee Webinar, May 5, 2017
Presenter, “Inter Partes Review of Patents,” Chicago Bar Association, IP Law Committee, March 25, 2015
Presenter, “Details, Mistakes & Cures in IP Law Practice,” Illinois Paralegal Association Fall Conference, November 20, 2014
Instructor, “IP Trial Advocacy 8-Day Course,” IIT Chicago-Kent Law School, 2014 & 2015
Presenter, “Intellectual Property (IP)/Patents: Key Assets in Global Economy – Software and Digital Games,” Technology, Globalization and Culture, Iowa State University, October 14, 2014
Presenter, “Patent Eligibility of Computer-Implemented Inventions (CII): Digital Gaming,” U.S. Bar – EPO Liaison Council Meeting, Munich, Germany, October 17, 2013
Presenter, “Patent Eligibility of Computer-Implemented (Software) Inventions,” Technology, Globalization and Culture, Iowa State University, October 1, 2013
Presenter, “Patent Eligibility of Computer-Implemented Inventions (CII): Digital Gaming,” International Association for the Protection of Intellectual Property (AIPPI) Forum, Workshop IV Digital Gaming and IP, Finland, September 2013
Moderator, "Hot Topics in International IP Law," American Bar Association's 26th Annual Intellectual Property Law Conference, April 7, 2011
Presenter, "What Every Business Manager Needs to Know About Patents and Trade Secrets," Alliance for Illinois Manufacturing - IP Seminar, March 29, 2011
Presenter, "Video Animation in Markman Hearings and Patent Litigation," AIPLA IP Practice Meeting in Tokyo, April 22, 2010
Co-presenter, "U.S. Patent Prosecution: Attorney's & Examiner's Perspectives," AIPLA Annual Meeting - IP Practice in Japan Committee, October 14, 2009
Panelist, "Rambus is Final: Where Do We Go From Here?" Illinois State Bar Association, September 11, 2009
Panelist, "Developing Business as an IP Attorney," Chicago Kent College of Law, April 1, 2009
Presenter, "Double Patenting In re Basell Poliolefine," AIPLA Midwinter Meeting - IP Practice in Japan Committee, January 28, 2009
Presenter, "Obviousness after KSR - Litigation Perspective," AIPLA Annual Meeting - IP Practice in Japan Committee, October 21, 2008
Presenter, "Preparing the Patent Specification for Filing in the United States," Association of Intellectual Property Protection International (AIPPI) Congress, September 2008
Presenter, "Do Patent Prosecution Rules and Practices Lead to Legal and Commercial Uncertainty?" International Association for the Protection of Intellectual Property (AIPPI) Forum, Singapore, October 5, 2007
Presenter, “Trials with Sensitive Topics,” American Bar Association Annual Meeting, San Francisco, California, August 2007
Presenter, “Writing Good Invention Disclosures for Obtaining Good Patents,” U.S. Army, Army Scientists and Engineers, 2005 & 2006
Presenter, “Why Talk When You Can Litigate?” American Bar Association – IPL Section of Alternative Dispute Resolution, Las Vegas, Nevada, October 21, 2005
Presenter, “Patents & Trade Secrets for Engineers,” American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), March 2004
Presenter, "The Role of Engineers in Creating Intellectual Property," American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Central Region Administrative Conference, March 27, 2004
Presenter, "Willfulness, Opinions & Privilege: Knorr-Bremse & The Coming New 'Totality of Circumstances' Standard," 48th Annual IP Conference, John Marshall Law School, February 27, 2004
Presenter, "United States Design Patents," Association of Intellectual Property Protection International (AIPPI) MIE Conference on Intellectual Property, September 6, 2003
Presenter, "Winning the Patent Battle Without Spending an Arm and a Leg: A Challenge to Corporate Counsel," American Bar Association (ABA) Annual Meeting, 2003
Panelist, “Meaning and Effect of Supreme Court IP Disputes on Practice, Patent Prosecution and Litigation In View of Festo v. SMC and Holmes v. Vornado,” John Marshall Law School 47th Annual Conference on Developments in IP Law, 2003
Publications
Author, “IP Lawyer: Does TC Heartland Signal the End of East Texas’ Dominance?” IAM, August 1, 2017
Author, "Federal Circuit Weighs Attorney-Client Privilege," Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, March 1, 2004
Author, "Winning the Patent Battle Without Spending an Arm and a Leg: A Challenge to Corporate Counsel," Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, August 26, 2003
Co-author, "Candor in Prosecution," American Intellectual Property Law Association (AIPLA), 1985
In the News
ADVFN Features Growth of Intellectual Property Litigation Group as New Partner Richard Beem, Associate Alex Shtraym Join Chicago, Dallas Offices
January 10, 2023
Le Lézard Features Growth of IP Litigation Group: Lathrop GPM Announce New Partner Richard Beem, Associate Alex Shtraym to Join Chicago, Dallas Offices
January 10, 2023
Law360 Features New Partner Richard Beem, Associate Alex Shtraym as Intellectual Property Litigation Practice Expands
January 9, 2023
Chicago Bar Association Record Quotes Partner Richard P. Beem on Use of Attorney-Client Privilege in Willful Infringement Case
March 30, 2004
The National Law Journal Quotes Partner Richard P. Beem on Chicago Attorneys' Efforts to Seek a More Predictable Patent System
October 3, 2008
News Releases
Three Lathrop GPM Attorneys Named 2024 Illinois Super Lawyers and Rising Stars
January 25, 2024
Two Lathrop GPM Attorneys Named to Illinois Super Lawyers and Rising Stars
February 2023
Lathrop GPM LLP Intellectual Property Litigation Group Grows
January 9, 2023
Professional Affiliations
American Bar Association
IPL Section Liaison to EPO - U.S. Bar Council, 1984-present
American Intellectual Property Law Association (AIPLA)
Europe and Japan IP Committees
Electronic and Computer Law Committee
Chicago Bar Association
IP Law Committee, Chair, 1997-1998
International Association for the Protection of Intellectual Property (AIPPI-US)
President, 2009-2012
Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago (IPLAC)
Secretary, 1992-1994
Community Involvement
Chicago Engineers' Foundation
President, 2014-2015
Member, Board of Directors, 2010-2014
Union League Club of Chicago
Secretary, 2021-present
Member, Board of Directors, 2015-2018
Honors
Illinois Super Lawyers, Intellectual Property, 2006-2008, 2010-2024
Fellow, American Bar Foundation, January 2012
Chicago
155 North Wacker Drive
Suite 3000
Chicago, IL 60606-1787
Dallas
2101 Cedar Springs Road
Suite 1400
Dallas, TX 75201
T: 312.920.3303
Assistant
Angela Williams
816.460.5767
Practices
Intellectual Property Litigation
Intellectual Property
Patents
Inter Partes Review
Trademarks
Non-Compete, Non-Solicit, Trade Secrets & Other Restrictive Covenants
Appellate Practice
Copyrights
Industries
Life Sciences
Manufacturing
Technology
Court Memberships
Illinois
Texas
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Supreme Court
Education
University of Houston Law Center, J.D., cum laude, 1985
Houston Law Review, Editor
Order of the Coif
DePaul University, Mediation Certificate
Iowa State University, B.S., Chemical Engineering
Clerkship(s)
Law Clerk to the Honorable Edward S. Smith, Circuit Judge, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP
© 2024 LATHROP GPM
800-476-4224