Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.










Deny
Customize
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
Skip to main content
Menu
Care as unique as you are
Imagine a little peace of mind... with the reassurance that your loved one is surrounded by caring people who value them for the unique person that they are.
Where they’re supported to continue their comforting routines, enjoy their favourite food, and spend time doing the hobbies and interests that they love most.
You can expect all this and more for your loved one at a Barchester care home.
Find your nearest Barchester care home
With over 200 care homes in the UK, there's always a Barchester care home near you.
Town or postcode
Care home name
Key services
- Any -
Nursing care
Residential care
Dementia care
Respite / Short stay
Assisted living apartments
Residential garden apartments
Services for under 65
Help and advice
Finding the ideal care home is a daunting task but seeking help and advice can make the process easier and help you to make the best decision possible for yourself or a loved one.
Find out more
Dementia Care at Barchester
At Barchester we pride ourselves on delivering the best quality of care, and always ensure that we support you to continue to do the things you love, including for those living with dementia.
Find out more
Types of care
At Barchester, we treat everyone as individuals, and always tailor our services and support to meet their needs.
Find out more
Life with Barchester
We strive to make life at Barchester care homes as stimulating and fulfilling as possible and are committed to ensuring independence, dignity and choice in every aspect of daily life.
Find out more
Our Life Enrichment Programme
Our activities staff get to know what stimulates, engages and gives purpose to each individual to plan their activities.
See our activities timetable
Food for the soul
We strive to ensure that all food served at our homes is nutritious, varied and tastes fantastic.
See our example menus
Environment
We are proud of the care home environments we create for the people we support. Our homes lead the sector in environmentally friendly design and are built well above the specifications required by the regulatory standards.
Find out more
What people are saying about us
Award-winning care for over 25 years
Here's to continuing to celebrate life in our care homes.
About us and our people
At Barchester, people are at the heart of everything we do. From supporting our residents to enjoy meaningful everyday activities, providing comforting, nutritious meals, to maintaining warm and happy environments, our team ensure they get to know every resident individually, to help support them to live life the way they choose.
More about us
Barchester Healthcare Careers
When you join the Barchester family, we don’t just want you to feel valued, we want you to truly love what you do. This is your chance to make a difference every day.
Find out more
Meet our people
Our unique approach to the care sector sets us apart, so to make things happen our people need to be a little bit different too.
More about our people
Contact our team
Our care home managers are always happy to talk to anyone considering different care options and to answer any questions you may have about life at the home.
Contact us
Latest news and press
Award-winning writer seeks to highlight positives of care homes
The widow of a Scottish international rugby player aims to highlight the positive experiences of care homes dementia sufferers can have.
Read the story
A third of people ignore dementia symptoms for over a month
A third of people noticing dementia symptoms in themselves or loved ones don’t flag up the issue for over a month, new research suggests. A survey undertaken by the Alzheimer’s Society found just 15 per cent of those who are worried seek help immediately.
Read the story
Controversial weight loss drugs could be used to treat dementia
Groundbreaking weight loss drugs Wegovy, Ozempic and Mounjaro could be used to treat neurological conditions like dementia, scientists believe. When combined with existing medications, it’s thought the GLP-1 receptor drugs could improve methods of clearing amyloid beta plaques from the brain.
Read the story
©2024 Barchester Healthcare
All Rights Reserved
Website by Fluid
Cookie Settings
.cls-1{fill:#fff;}
Useful Links
Care home search
Careers at Barchester
Care & Dementia News
Contact
Complaints
Sitemap
About us
About Barchester
Barchester's Charitable Foundation
Barchester Specialist Services
Environmental, Social and Governance Commitment
Press & Media
Policies and reports
Resident Contract Terms
Admission Form - January 2023
UK Tax Strategy
Modern Slavery Statement
Gender Pay Gap Report 2020/21
Gender Pay Gap Report 2021/22
Gender Pay Gap Report 2022/23
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Family and Friends
Cookie Policy
Record requests and SARs