IVF Cost Calculator
Fertility Treatment Abroad
IVF Abroad – Destinations
Top IVF Clinics Abroad
FREE IVF GIVEAWAY
IVF Magazine
Blog
FIND
IVF CLINICS ABROAD
Fertility Road provides guides, tips, hints and detailed information on popular IVF clinics abroad. All you need to find the best IVF clinic abroad.
IVF treatment abroad
An increasing number of people consider IVF treatment abroad. The reason for this is that certain types of fertility treatments are not available in their home countries, for example, egg donation.  There is also the added benefit of shorter or no waiting lists or IVF treatment costs which may be significantly lower.
We have prepared guides, tips, and hints for patients interested in IVF treatment abroad and looking for top IVF clinics abroad. We have also prepared the best fertility treatment abroad resources guide – which may help you make an informed decision while looking for the best IVF clinics worldwide.
We are pleased to offer an exclusive IVF Cost Calculator, designed to enable you to accurately estimate the cost of IVF treatment abroad in several sought-after countries. This sophisticated tool provides a comprehensive overview, allowing for informed financial planning for those considering fertility treatments overseas.
Delve into our extensive collection of features that spotlight top fertility clinics around the globe. Discover the varied landscapes of IVF abroad, where we unravel the complexities of IVF costs in different regions, offering you a clear picture of your options. We also provide in-depth insights into egg donation costs and procedures in various countries, ensuring you have all the information needed to make informed decisions.
Wherever you are along your path to parenthood, we’ve got a great selection of features for you to embrace everything related to:
Infertility diagnosis, treatment, fitness, psychology, mentoring and natural remedies
IVF – In Vitro Fertilisation and all procedures and techniques around (preparing, egg retrieval, stimulation, IVF laboratory, ICSI, blastocyst culture, embryo transfer etc.) and IVF on NHS
Fertility Journey Abroad – free IVF giveaways and stories shared by patients
IVF guides for UK based patients include:
Egg donation UK – all about IVF with donor eggs in the UK – costs, availability, donor qualification and availability
IVF cost UK guide – breakdown of private IVF costs in the UK
IVF on NHS UK guide – a guide on NHS IVF funding – regarding availability, eligibility and costs
Best IVF Clinics in the UK – a comprehensive guide how to find the right one
Donor conception including egg donation abroad, embryo donation, double donation and sperm donation options
The science behind fertility genetics
Top IVF Clinics Abroad
Reproclinic
IVF treatment availability at Reproclinic About Reproclinic Reproclinic was founded in 2018 and is located in Barcelona, one of the most famous cities in the
READ MORE »
Instituto Bernabeu
IVF treatment availability at Instituto Bernabeu About Instituto Bernabeu Instituto Bernabeu was founded in 1985 and has since become one of the leading infertility clinics
READ MORE »
UR Vistahermosa
IVF treatment availability at UR Vistahermosa About UR Vistahermosa UR Vistahermosa is a private fertility clinic located in Alicante, Spain, and was founded in 1983.
READ MORE »
Clinica Tambre Madrid
IVF treatment availability at Clinica Tambre About Clinica Tambre Clinica Tambre is a fertility clinic located in the heart of Spain, the capital city of
READ MORE »
emBIO Medical Center
IVF treatment availability at emBIO About emBIO emBIO is a fertility centre based in the Chalandri suburb of Athens, the capital city of Greece, and
READ MORE »
Unica Clinics – Prague and Brno
IVF treatment availability at UNICA CLINIC Prague and Brno About UNICA CLINIC Prague and Brno Unica was founded in 1991 in Brno, and they then
READ MORE »
IVF Abroad
Egg Donation Abroad
Travelling for IVF abroad is becoming more popular than ever – you only need to
Read More »
PGT-A (PGS): Costs Abroad Guide
PGT-A (Pre-implantation genetic testing for aneuploidy) is a test which is used to identify abnormalities
Read More »
Best IVF Clinics In Europe
IVF treatment is a very personal and emotionally intense experience. And it is little wonder,
Read More »
Fertility Treatment Abroad >
IVF Treatment
Coping After Failed IVF Cycle
Coping after a failed transfer is like grieving for a loss. A loss of hope, a loss of a precious embryo and the loss of future life that you had planned out in your mind.
Read More »
Failed IVF – How Would You Cope With?
It is often not easy for us to face up to and deal with negative emotions. One’s emotional state is made worse when the subconscious mind (which stores all memories and experiences – remembering everything that has happened) comes into play without the conscious mind being aware.
Read More »
Best IVF Apps For 2024
Like any invasive medical procedure, IVF treatment can be complex and for anyone considering it
Read More »
IVF Treatment >
Fertility Treatments Explained by Experts
Achieving The Ideal Uterine Lining For A Successful Embryo Transfer
Embarking on the journey of assisted reproductive technologies like in vitro fertilisation (IVF) can be
Read More »
Navigating Miscarriages, Repeated Implantation Failures, And IVF Success
Navigating the intricate journey of fertility can be daunting, with couples often facing the heartbreak
Read More »
Embryo Pre-Implantation Genetic Testing: PGT-A
Experts at Instituto Bernabeu warn that embryo biopsy increases pregnancy rates and reduces miscarriage risk
Read More »
IVF Magazine >
Fertility Journeys Abroad
Kirstie And Chris Prepare For Their Fertility Journey At UR Vistarhermosa In Alicante
Kirstie and Chris, both aged 30 and from Northern Ireland, are the latest couple to take part in Fertility Road’s Fertility Journeys project
Read More »
Kelli And Jake Prepare For Their Fertility Journey At EmBIO Greece
Kelli and Jake took the first step in their fertility journey with EmBIO shortly before Christmas with a virtual consultation via Skype. The couple were able to
Read More »
It’S A Girl! Stéphanie And Joël Welcome Their Miracle Baby
It’s a girl! Canadian couple, Stéphanie and Joël, welcomed a beautiful baby girl into the world in the summer of 2023. Little Celeste was born via planned
Read More »
We’Re Pregnant! Happy News For Laura And Dan
There was a very special early Christmas present for Laura and Dan when the couple discovered they were expecting a baby, following an embryo transfer at
Read More »
It’S A Boy! Nathalie Realises Her Dream Of Motherhood – UR Vistahermosa In Spain
There was joyous news from France when Nathalie Langlois gave birth to beautiful baby Charlie last month. Weighing 4.475kg (9lb8), Charlie came into the world on February 24th following
Read More »
Now It’S Just A Waiting Game – Bernadette And Paul’S Embryo Transfer At Pelargos IVF Clinic In Greece
“All we can do is hope” – Bernadette and Paul look to the future
Read More »
Fertility Journeys >
About the FertilityRoad.com
Beyond the medical aspects of IVF, Fertility Road guides you through fertility treatments’ financial, legal, and alternative aspects. Our practical guides cover everything from managing IVF costs to navigating international fertility laws, and exploring holistic and alternative remedies.
Our mission at Fertility Road is to offer a platform where your fertility dreams can take root and grow. Whether you’re considering fertility treatment abroad or seeking advice on the journey ahead, we’re here to support you every step of the way. Join us on Fertility Road – where your path to parenthood begins.
Charlotte Davies

United Kingdom
As a UK resident, FertilityRoad.com was instrumental in our journey to find the right IVF treatment abroad. The site's comprehensive approach to explaining the legal intricacies and cost implications in different countries was incredibly helpful. The IVF Abroad section was a one-stop resource, covering everything one needs to consider when looking at international options. The articles were not only informative but also empathetic, reflecting real experiences and considerations. The detailed profiles of various IVF clinics abroad, with unique insights into each, allowed us to make a well-informed decision tailored to our needs.
IVF Abroad Guide 2024 - Report
- must read before you go!
110 pages, 12 countries comprehensive comparison including costs, success rates, popularity and legal aspects.
Download the IVF Abroad Patient's Guide!
IVF Media Ltd. may use your contact information above to send you personalized resources about the IVF treatment and to provide you updates and news. We will never share your data. If you no longer wish to receive such updates, you can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more, please read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Download Free Now!
What's New
CALCULATE YOUR IVF COST ABROAD
IN 8 POPULAR IVF DESTINATIONS
Calculate Now >
FREE IVF GIVEAWAY
GET YOUR IVF CYCLE FUNDED IN ESTONIA
Apply Now >
FIND TOP IVF CLINICS ABROAD
CHECK COSTS AND SUCCESS RATES
Find IVF Clinics >
Popular IVF articles
Best IVF clinics in Europe
IVF refund guarantee & money back guarantee explained
IVF treatment guide – and IVF process – step by step
IVF with donor eggs – egg donation explained
IVF on NHS – Costs and Eligibility
IVF cost in the UK revealed
Egg donation cost in the UK guide
Best IVF apps reviewed
Fertility treatment abroad – best resources guide
Egg donation abroad
IVF abroad - costs and legal aspects
IVF in Spain
IVF in Portugal
IVF in Czech Republic
IVF in Greece
IVF in North Cyprus
IVF in Turkey
IVF in Latvia
IVF in Ukraine
IVF in Russia
Popular fertility clinics abroad
IVF clinics in Spain
IVF clinics in Portugal
IVF clinics in Czech Republic
IVF clinics in Greece
IVF clinics in North Cyprus
IVF clinics in Latvia
IVF clinics in Turkey
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Complaints & Corrections
Disclaimer:
Informations published on the website are provided for informational purposes only; they are not intended to treat, diagnose or prevent any disease. Services provided by FertilityRoad.com are not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified healthcare professional and are not intended as medical advice. Resources published on the website shall be treated as “information or opinion” not medical advice. FertilityRoad.com always recommend discussing treatment options with infertility / medical specialist.
All rights reserved.
No part of this website may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including copying, downloading, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of IVF Media Ltd, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
IVF Media Ltd., Suite 10732, 26/27 Upper Pembroke Street, Dublin, D02 X361, Ireland.
© 2024 IVF Media Ltd. Fertility Road is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie settingsACCEPT ALL