01482 815310
Modular buildings for any situation


Lewis Ashley Group is ready to help you with a cost-effective and environmentally-friendly building.Book your free consultation now
More space for your workplace

Smarter space to create a comfortable, productive office.Let's build you a new office
There's nothing old school about our classrooms

Creating the right area to nurture ability without disrupting students and staff.Your new classroom is a click away...
Don't sleep on it - just choose modular

Comfortable solutions for on-site accommodation.Sleep easy while we build your new sleeping accommodation...
Make the change and switch to modular

More affordable facilities for companies and sports clubs.Time for a change to a more affordable building - click here
The winning formula for a high-quality facility

We work hard to provide brilliant facilities for supporters and stakeholders to enjoy.Speak to us about your new clubhouse
Seal the deal with a good-looking marketing suite

Appearance is everything - so stand out from the others with a great modular building.Find out more about our marketing suites
"A quick note to say thanks for your diligence and care when installing the two cabins we bought from you in April 2020. You had to put one on top of the other in our tight internal space. The day started out right when you arrived on time and immediately went to work. Despite space challenges you carefully manoeuvred the cabins in place avoiding hanging lights and pipework and left us with the cabins we wanted in a tidy and professional state. We will certainly call you next time we need temporary buildings." Rustins Ltd
"We’re a children’s nursery charity based in Sevenoaks and have been saving up for a replacement modular building ever since we moved into our original premises in 1989! After a great deal of research we plumped for Lewis Ashley; for two main reasons:- they offered a solution we could afford and, more importantly, it was a turnkey solution – which promised joined up thinking and just the one company taking responsibility for the whole lot. "We’ve been in our new building for eight months now and we’re loving it! Yes, of course, there’s been some snagging, but modular buildings have come a long way since 1989; we have air conditioning in a suspended ceiling, wi-fi throughout (and into the garden), basins and toilets all over the place, more sockets than you can shake a stick at, security cameras, gate cameras, double glazed, full-height windows that flood the rooms with natural light and external cedar cladding that will just go on looking better and better as the years go by. "All thanks to the boys and girls at Lewis Ashley. "We’ll be back in thirty years!" James Wallace - Sevenoaks Day Nursery
“It took us nearly 6 years to make our dream of having our own clubhouse and changing rooms a reality. "Over the last few years, we developed a great relationship collaborating with The Lewis Ashley Group, a local company who helped us realise this dream. "Buying our first Modular Building was daunting, but the communication from Matt Ireland our Sales Manager was brilliant. He kept us informed of the projects progress, offering advice and making recommendations ensuring we got value for money. "After nearly 20 years of leading a nomadic existence, we finally have a home, somewhere that will allow us to grow and go from strength to strength.” Neil Gay – Chairman, Beverley Braves
“LAG undertook several projects for us including conducting site surveys, developing accessibility plans & maintaining excellent stakeholder relationships. Projects were completed on programme and within budget. The quality of the work was excellent. The support & willingness of LAG to respond to queries & requests even outside the scope was impressive.” Ayobunmi Olowolagba - Croydon
"The project was delivered on time and within budget. This is the 4th temporary building supplied to the College by Lewis Ashley. All previous projects were delivered on time and within budget. Lewis Ashley will tailor the specification of the building to suit its purpose and to provide value for money." Keith Platts - Bury College
"We needed to extend the classrooms to create more space. Lewis Ashley offered us lots of alternatives and we decided to go for reconditioned units. As an independently run school it was good to be able to go to the Governors and show we could achieve what we wanted within the budget set for us." Sharon Parsons - Salford
"We put our order in in July, and it was completed by October half term. This included all groundworks, the building was fully compliant with building regs and of a very good standard.Site works were fenced off allowing staff and students safe access around the site. The LAG team was very helpful with the school staff and design team & contract issues were dealt very professionally." Brian Brown - Bradford
"As a builder it’s important that I’m able to start on site and I approached Lewis Ashley Group and hired a building for my workforce. It was easier to hire a building from them and more cost effective than for me to buy." Mark James - MJ Builders
OUR CLIENTS
Modular Office Buildings
Classrooms
Sleeping Accommodation
Changing Rooms
Sports Clubhouse
Marketing Suites
Why Modular?
Find out the difference modular makes
ENQUIRE FOR MORE INFORMATION
© Lewis Ashley Group 2020.   Registered in England #04660413   Website built by mercury
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Accessibility
ABOUT US
WHY MODULAR?
OUR BUILDINGS
CUSTOM-BUILT BUILDINGS
READY-BUILT MODULAR BUILDINGS
MODULAR OFFICE BUILDINGS
CLASSROOMS
SLEEPING ACCOMMODATION
CHANGING ROOMS
SPORTS CLUBHOUSE
MARKETING SUITES
SECTORS
CONSTRUCTION, CIVILS AND RAIL
EDUCATION
SPORTS FACILITIES
RETAIL
HEALTHCARE
CASE STUDIES
CONTACT US