01664 434188
info@nickystephenmarketing.co.uk
MARKETING SERVICES
NICKY STEPHEN MARKETING OFFERS
CREATIVE MARKETING SOLUTIONS IN LEICESTERSHIRE
Recent Project for: Jpingos Website
Nicky Stephen Marketing Ltd is a full service marketing & PR consultancy based near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, providing an integrated solution for clients. Established in 1996, we provide senior marketing and PR support at board level and below to companies of all sizes in the UK and overseas.

We were delighted to be named one of three finalists in the East Midlands Chamber’s Business Awards, for the Marketing Campaign of the Year and even more delighted to be named Best Small Marketing Consultancy in the SME News Midlands Enterprise Awards, but our focus is always on delivering great marketing for our clients, first and foremost.
What we do
ADVERTISING
BROCHURES & PRINT
BRANDING
EMAIL MARKETING
EVENT MANAGEMENT
MARKETING STRATEGY
PHOTOGRAPHY & FILM
PUBLIC RELATIONS
SOCIAL MEDIA
WEBSITES
I’ve worked with Nicky for the last few years and she has always provided a professional, quality service. She created the brand design for the Collaborate ERDF project and a host of items which were very well received. She is responsive, friendly and patient even at the most pressurised times, and helps me deliver what’s needed. We’re currently working on collateral for the Business Gateway, which is great for me as I know she’ll get the job done!
Kalpna Mistry, Business Gateway Growth Hub
About Nicky Stephen Marketing
Our clients can pick and choose from some or all of our services depending on the level of their own in-house resources. We can help with developing marketing strategy allied to your business plan, we can research your marketplace and advise on business opportunities. We can develop your corporate identity, brand identity or product identity and take that through to brochure design, web strategy and your advertising campaign. We’re based a few miles out of Leicester in rural Leicestershire, but our clients are all around the world and our experience is not limited to the UK.
We can arrange product launch events and come up with a public relations campaign to support them … and that’s before lunch! Seriously though, internal and external communications, social media, direct marketing, online marketing, PR, photography and event management are all areas where we have significant expertise – have a browse through our website portfolio to catch a glimpse of some of the projects we’ve worked on.
SOCIAL MEDIA PLANNING
SAN INTERNATIONAL WEBSITE
BELMONT HOTEL EMAIL MARKETING
Why Choose Nicky Stephen Marketing
Our services embrace all elements of the marketing mix and we think the best way to tell you about them is to show you some examples.
So, please take a look at our portfolio to see a taste of our work.  Our marketing services remit includes:
Marketing strategy
Brochures and print
Branding
Photography and film
Online marketing including websites and emailshots
Advertising
Event management
PR
Social Media
Marketing agency Leicester, Marketing agency Leicestershire, Marketing & PR Leicester, Marketing & PR Leicestershire.
Take the first step, give us a call or drop us an email, we’d be happy to talk to you about what you need and come up with a costed proposal.
Let’s discuss your next project:
Take the first step, give us a call or drop us an email, we’d be happy to talk to you about what you need and come up with a costed proposal.
CONTACT DETAILS
8 Main Street, Hoby
Melton Mowbray
Leicestershire
LE14 3DT
United Kingdom
+44 (0)1664 434188
info@nickystephenmarketing.co.uk
Copyright © 2022 Nicky Stephen Marketing |
Privacy Policy