Document Comparison Software For Regulated Industries
, the Text Verification Tool, and its modules verify text, spelling, artwork and barcodes in one software solution and generate one report.
Discover why TVT is the proofreading solution trusted by global leaders in regulated industries
6 ways you will save with TVT in 2024
LEARN MORE
Global Leader in Proofreading Software
Schlafender Hase delivers an easy-to-use software solution to reduce the time you spend proofreading. Our solution catches even the smallest deviation early in the process, drastically improving overall document quality. Serving regulated industries including Pharmaceutical, Medical Devices, Chemical, and Crop Science.
Here is what else TVT can do for you:
Eliminate errors
Prevent misprints & recalls
Ensure patient safety by reducing potentially harmful or even lethal packaging and labeling errors
Eliminate the risk of human error during the proofreading process
Identify changes and deviations in any document or file format
Reduce Workload & Save Time
Increase proofreading efficiency
Quick digital verification of content across all file formats boosts team productivity
Only one person needed to proofread with TVT, allowing your team to focus on higher-value tasks
Effortlessly review and approve documentation, artwork files and regulatory submissions, reducing correction cycles
Simplify your Process
Ensure printing/publication of approved content only
Ensure worldwide compliance for documents and artwork, including a full audit trail
Easy integration into existing processes
Provide document consistency across departments without increasing resources
Why Use TVT
About Schlafender Hase
We specialize in the proofreading needs of regulated industries around the world such as the Pharmaceutical, Medical Device, Chemical and Crop Science industries. We understand the regulations faced by our customers and develop our software with their needs in mind, making approval processes easier.
LEARN MORE ABOUT US
Our Amazing Customers
SEE MORE CUSTOMERS
Certification & Compliance
Reduce time spent proofreading
Schlafender Hase is ISO 9001:2015 certified for Design and Software Development for Regulated Environments
Facilitates compliance with FDA regulations (21 CFR Part 11)
Facilitates compliance with EMA regulations (Annex 11)
TVT supports QRD, SPL and SPM submissions formats
TVT helps comply with EU 1169/2011
TVT helps comply with EC 1223/2009 
TVT helps comply with CLP (EC 1272/2008) & GHS 
TVT supports reading order verification for Section 508 (US) and the EU Accessibility Act
TVT can provide a complete audit trail

What Our Customers Are Saying

AstraZeneca increased output by 100% by automating proofreading with TVT
WATCH THE VIDEO
Expand the core TVT software solution with the add-on modules
The software solution, TVT, the Text Verification Tool, and its modules automatically verify text, spelling, artwork and barcodes.
EXPLORE SOLUTION
The core TVT software solution finds changes between your original document and revisions at any stage of your workflow.
EXPLORE TVT
With 48 dictionaries, including Arabic, Hebrew and Stedman’s Medical Dictionary, TVT Spelling can check multilingual documents whether your team speaks the language or not.
EXPLORE MODULE
Automatically find deviations in your artwork files that can be easily overlooked during a visual comparison with TVT Artwork.
EXPLORE MODULE
Easily detect, decode, compare and grade digital barcodes with TVT Barcode, ensuring accuracy before you go to print.
EXPLORE MODULE
Secure your process by building TVT into your digital workflows.
EXPLORE INTEGRATION
Getting Started
You will see how TVT can help reduce proofreading workloads
Discover how TVT can help you prevent errors, costly misprints & recalls.
Learn how the text verification tool can compare different files, formats and types.
See how TVT can ensure document compliance for your team!
This demonstration will show just how easy it is to implement into your team’s workflow
Book A Demo!
Helpful Information
LEARN
Learn how to save time on text inspections, increase productivity and improve your document workflow from the SH Blog.
READ THE BLOG
WATCH
Explore our collection of educational webinars.
WATCH NOW
DISCOVER
Discover how other organizations have increased output and improved efficiency with TVT.
VIEW CASE STUDIES
TVT E-LEARNING PORTAL
TVT Software
Industries
Customers
Resources
Company
Contact
ROI for TVT
Blogs
Resources
Events
Help Centre
Careers
Privacy Policy
Schlafender Hase
Call: +49 69 24 44 810
Americas: +1 617 607 4900
Contact Us
TVT ® | Text Verification Tool ®
© 2024 Schlafender Hase Inc.