This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Show details


















Customize
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
AI-powered supply chain and retail planning to successfully navigate uncertainty
ToolsGroup helps retailers, distributors, and manufacturers improve the resilience and performance of their operations with a unique probabilistic planning approach that leverages AI and real-time data from across the enterprise for decision making at the speed of business.
Book A Demo
Previous
[BREAKING NEWS] Unlock Your Supply Chain Potential: Dive into the 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant Report with ToolsGroup Today! Read Now
[BREAKING NEWS] Cornerstone Building Brands Teams Up with ToolsGroup & River Logic for Next-Level Supply Chain Solutions! Read More
Next
We help companies to:
Realize unrivaled inventory performance to maximize revenue and profitability
Build resilience and prepare for uncertainty with advanced probabilistic planning
Sense and respond intelligently to demand and supply disruptions
Guide smarter decisions with AI so planners can focus on big picture value
Deliver outstanding customer experiences with real-time visibility across the enterprise
Optimize omnichannel experiences with unified commerce
Supply chain innovators from Day One
Inertia? Never heard of it.
After 30 years, our momentum has only increased, and we continue to revolutionize retail and supply chain planning technology – and help our customers accelerate their supply chain evolution.
Discover 30 Years of Innovation (and Counting) →
Customer stories
Discover how customers are navigating the unexpected with ToolsGroup.
Previous
“We chose ToolsGroup because of its ease of use and the scalability of its applications, which made it easy to invest in and evolve with as our company transforms.”
Francisco Javier Fernández, Supply Chain Director

Get the full story →




Next
1
2
3
4
5
Latest insights
BLOG
Thriving in Uncertainty: The Antifragile Supply Chain
Over 2,000 years ago, Greek philosopher Heraclitus said that “change is the only constant in life.” Today, this phrase serves as a mantra of self-help gurus, financial planners and business executives, yet many of the tools most individuals and businesses use and the plans they put in place try to take uncertainty out of the […]
EBOOKS & BRIEFS
ToolsGroup Recognized in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Supply Chain Planning Solutions
Gartner Magic Quadrant research methodology provides a graphical competitive positioning of four types of technology providers in fast-growing markets: Leaders, Visionaries, Niche Players and Challengers. ToolsGroup’s software solutions offer retailers, distributors and manufacturers a comprehensive set of capabilities that enhance the resilience and performance of their operations. Through a unique probabilistic planning approach that leverages […]
BLOG
Customers and Analysts Recognize ToolsGroup as a Supply Chain and Retail Planning Leader
Check out some of our most recent accolades and discover why so many companies turn to ToolsGroup for better, faster supply chain decision making. ToolsGroup Recognized in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant for Supply Chain Planning Solutions April 2024 – ToolsGroup is proud to announce that it has been recognized in the 2024 Gartner Magic […]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
We’d love to hear from you
Whether you’re curious about solution features or business benefits—we’re ready to answer any and all questions.
Let’s Chat
Get the latest supply chain planning news
Blog
Newsletter
Solutions
Industries
Resources
Company
Product
Customers
Partners
Terms of Use
Support Portal
Partners Portal
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© 2024 ToolsGroup B.V.