SC Personal Training
Banbury's personal trainer and fitness instructor
07969 233 525
   Home
Personal Training
Fitness Classes
Fitness Bootcamp
SC Fit Blog
Fitness Resources
Personal training and fitness
in Banbury
Always wanted to get fit, but lacked the motivation?
Do you want to look good and feel great?
If your answer is ‘yes’, Simon Charles of SC Personal Training is here to help with one to one fitness training and group exercise classes.
1
2
3
4
5
6
Previous
Next
Personal Trainer, Banbury, Oxfordshire.
Are you looking to get in shape? get fitter? lose a few pounds, tone up for a holiday or wedding or just looking for some healthy advice?
Simon will work alongside you, helping you achieve your personal fitness goals with an exercise plan, tailored to meet your individual abilities.
Why work with a personal trainer?
Many people enjoy working out and want to be fit, but they lack the discipline or simply don’t know how. Simon Charles will help you reach your fitness goals safely and keep you motivated on your ultimate fitness journey.
As a Level 3 qualified personal trainer and fitness instructor, Simon helps people of all ages achieve their ultimate fitness levels.
Start your work-out today by exercising your fingers! Phone SC Personal Training now on 07969 233525 and start to shape your future.
About Simon Charles – Your personal trainer
Based in Banbury, Oxfordshire, Simon Charles is a Level 3 qualified personal trainer and fitness instructor. As well as holding personal training qualifications, he is also trained in:
Core stability
Boxing for fitness
Kettlebell training
First aid
Simon Charles is passionate about fitness. As a long-standing member of Cherwell Running Club, he has run competitively since 2003, competed twice in the London Marathon and has also taken part in short distance triathlons. His knowledge and experience makes him the ideal personal fitness trainer for people of all abilities, and especially those who want to develop their running and athletic skills.
For more information on Simon Charles’ personal trainer services and fitness classes, phone 07969 233525 today.
Privacy Notice
SC Personal Training complies with GDPR – follow this link to read the Privacy Policy.
Simon’s Recipe Book
Click this link to buy Simon’s book
“21 Recipes to Fuel Fat Loss”
(PDF format)
Special intoductory offer – £7.00



£7.00 – Buy it now






Testimonials
Client Testimonial
Sally Read
This is my testimonial I joined Simon's fitness classes to strengthen my lower back and hips. It's amazing the difference it's made. Within a couple of weeks, I was able to get up in the mornings without pain, and I feel that my body is a lot stronger already. Simon is brilliant, very encouraging, and willing to adapt the exercise if I find it too difficult.  
Contact SC Personal Training | Tel: 07969 233 525 | Email: scpersonaltraining@hotmail.co.uk
All rights reserved © 2012 Simon Charles Personal Trainer
View Full Site
GDPR Privacy Policy - Website Terms of Use