Contact us
The Strategy Web
Portfolio
Tools – Tactics – Trends
Projects
Team
Blog
Contact
Imprint
Privacy Policy
WHAT MAKES A BUSINESS SUCCESSFUL?
We believe in the opportunities of digital transformation and digital innovation. Our mission is to support business leaders on their way towards digital competence.
Digital transformation is opening up undreamt-of possibilities for companies: Understand your customers better, develop completely new ways of approaching them and work more efficiently than ever.
But technology is changing quickly, and so do people’s needs and expectations. Business leaders are forced to question their existing business models: Is my way of creating value, of working, still right and the most effective one? What do customers, employees and stakeholders really expect from my business? Who are my competitors? Which information and data is important for my business, where do I find it and how can I use it?
More than
00
Years Consulting
00
Customers
000
Concepts
000
Call-To-Actions (Workshops)
TOGETHER WITH OUR CLIENTS, WE FIND THE ANSWERS TO THESE AND MANY MORE QUESTIONS.
VISIT OUR BLOG
Sustaining life – a series of quarantined thoughts
17. June 2020
For six weeks, the world was kind of locked down for each and…
Read more
Generation Gap: How the Coronavirus changed media consumption and trust
18. May 2020
The coronavirus outbreak has given us some time to really dive…
Read more
Bosch Connected World 2020 – The human unicorn on AI
20. February 2020
Unicorns are different, Bosch is different too. Ties, walled…
Read more
CONTACT
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
Twitter feed is not available at the moment.
THE STRATEGY WEB GMBH
The Strategy Web GmbH
St. Ulrich Str. 3c,
86922 Eresing,
Tel. 08193-9974127
Mob.: +49 (0)171-9577828
BLOG
Sustaining life – a series of quarantined thoughts
Generation Gap: How the Coronavirus changed media consumption and trust
Bosch Connected World 2020 – The human unicorn on AI
Study: Social Media more important for customer service
Mobility in 2050? Drones, visions and more…
Study: Leadership in Industry 4.0 – which persona are you?
Furniture: When robots make your bed
The slightly other infografic about the social media universe
Are you ready for the next level of future mobility? Young Germans are!
Internet Trends 2018 – Mary Meeker Report
© Copyright - The Strategy Web
Privacy Preference
We need your consent before you can continue on our website.
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings.
Privacy Preference
Essential
Essential cookies enable basic functions and are necessary for the proper function of the website.
Statistics
Statistics cookies collect information anonymously. This information helps us to understand how our visitors use our website.
External Media
Content from video platforms and social media platforms is blocked by default. If External Media cookies are accepted, access to those contents no longer requires manual consent.
Accept all
Save
Accept only essential cookies
Individual Privacy Preferences
Cookie Details
Privacy Policy
Imprint