;
Search
Blog
Resources
English
▾
HOME
MEDITATION TECHNIQUES
SPIRITUAL UNFOLDMENT
MEDITATION COURSES
MEDITATION CENTRES
Restore Calm, Clarity, Composure, Confidence & Happiness
Welcome to FISU Meditation
FISU Meditation teaches a unique form of individually prescribed meditation and spiritual practices that include mindfulness elements.
Our techniques are easy to learn and effortless to practice, yet take you on a beautiful journey of personal transformation through self-discovery.
This establishes you on a solid foundation of peace and well-being and better health.  You’ll learn to relax profoundly and naturally eradicate negative stress from your life – and you’ll achieve this quickly under our guidance.
Instructor Led, In Person or Online Meditation Courses
The FISU Meditation course is taught by our qualified teachers and comprises of 10 sessions or classes each taking around two hours. The course has four modules and takes around three months to complete and is taught on an individual basis or in small groups.
All our meditation techniques and spiritual practices are individually prescribed for each person that comes to learn and are designed for spiritual unfoldment and include some mindfulness meditation elements. You will learn several new techniques during the course.
Underpinning our methods are a modern, spiritual, non-denominational philosophy that acts as a support to the spiritual aspirant or anyone who wishes to transform their life.
We also offer a lifetime of support and ongoing programmes to increase spirituality, consciousness and well-being.
We have 70 teaching centres in 13 countries and are continually developing new areas.
FISU promotes the teachings of Avatar – Gururaj Ananda Yogi, who designed our unique system of meditation and philosophy.

To begin your journey of personal transformation, and for more information, please call our UK HQ now on:
+44 (0) 843 289 9898 or see a list of our meditation teaching centres here.
London Meditation Classes
With multiple meditation classes opening in London, you can see all London meditation classes listed here.


Upcoming Free Meditation Introductory Talks


Forthcoming Introductory Talks at 30 UK Locations (for the next 60 days).
Forthcoming Worldwide Events (Not Introductory Talks)
Learn How to Meditate
Meditation has been around for over 5000 years in various forms and first gathered public interest in 1959 in the USA.
Read More
Spiritual Unfoldment
Our first reaction in life when faced with problems whether health, stress or just unhappiness, is to seek a remedy from an external source.
Read More
Visit our Online Shop
The FISU shop forms part of our Spiritual Knowledge Base as there are 500 downloadable Satsangs (Spiritual Lectures) MP3s...
Read More
Find a Meditation Centre
With FISU operating in over 13 countries and with over 70 meditation centres, click here to find a meditation centre near you...
Read More
Choose a course and locate your nearest teaching centre
Our Meditation Courses run most weeks of the year, and there could be a teaching centre in your location. View our non-residential and residential courses and then locate your nearest teaching centre
Find a course
A unique system of individually prescribed meditation
The world's only individually prescribed meditation system. Your personal transformation is expedited as your will receive a unique set of individually prescribed meditation, mindful and spiritual practices
Read More
Spiritual Knowledge Base
DIS-EASE PEACE
Peace cannot be found through the mind
Peace is experiential To find peace can never be done through the mind for every problem you solve will create a dozen other problems.  And when you solve those, they will create more and more and…
turbulence turmoil
148
Like this post
0
BAD THOUGHTS SUBCONSCIOUS
Neutralising bad thoughts
Changing the polarity of the mind. Keep on doing as much good as you can and you will balance out the bad karmas, the impressions or samskaras in the subconscious mind. For example, if for five…
good thoughts samskaras
149
Like this post
0
ANGER TURBULENCE
Managing anger
Be angry with anger! If you want to be angry, by all means, be angry, but be angry with anger. Bring that to your conscious recognition when you feel angry and ask, "What is this all about? Who is…
conscious recognition samskaras
149
Like this post
0
SUFFERING
Creating our own suffering
You do not need to suffer! "Why must people suffer?  They do not need to.  They bring it all upon themselves, totally unnecessarily.  It's like a fish being in the ocean and dying of thirst.  It…
glory god universe
147
Like this post
0
How to feel truly whole in all our relationships by Guru Rajesh Ananda
Stability, Security, Confidence, Self Esteem & Acceptance by Guru Rajesh Ananda
Non-Duality & Duality by Gururaj Anadna Yogi
Meditation & Mindfullness by Gururaj Ananda Yogi
Facebook
Visit us on Facebook
Twitter
CYPRUS TOGATHERING
AGROS, CYPRUS MOUNTAINS
THUR, 23 TO SUN, 27TH MARCH 2023
***CONFIRMED - GO AHEAD AND BOOK FLIGHT… https://t.co/...Z1
January 23 2023 12:01 PM
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR OF THE RABBIT
#lunarnewyear #meditation #fisumeditation #chinesenewyear
#yearoftherabbit https://t.co/...Xp
January 22 2023 1:23 PM
THE WAY OUT OF DIFFICULTIES
Avatar - Gururaj Ananda Yogi
WORK CAN ALSO BECOME A SPIRITUAL PATH
Being on this spirit… https://t.co/...br
January 22 2023 10:07 AM
Follow Us on Twitter
Blog
DEPRESSION’S ACCELERATOR = ANXIETY
03/12/2018
HOW NOT TO BE A HOTHEAD
17/11/2018
Other People´s Negativity Can Cleanse You
15/11/2018
ARE YOU AT THE DOOR OF DECLINING MENTAL HEALTH?
22/10/2018
Read our Blog
Events
[EVENT_CUSTOM_VIEW template_name="events-feed"] View all Events
Copyright FISU 2017 - UK Registered Educational Charity No: 1061185