emissions.AI for complex facilities
Discover new actionable insights for energy & emissions efficiency.
TELL ME MORE
WHAT IT IS
emissions.AI is ERM's solution for large industrial assets, to deliver crucial savings and drive compliance in operations today.
Energy optimization is a recurring priority in complex industrial facilities, and industries are under increasing pressure to minimize emissions and deliver against compliance requirements. This is where emissions.AI can help.
emissions.AI is a digital solution that gives operations teams insights into the drivers of excess energy usage and emissions hidden in plant and process configurations, operating procedures, plant start-ups and shut-downs and other operational data.
Deployed in any complex industrial facility in a matter of months
A digital twin is built directly from existing plant data No new hardware required.
Obtain at-a-glance insights for your operations team. From facility down to equipment level.
Have AI suggest new ways to reduce emissions. All while keeping production secure.
Our service team can support the setup, implementation and operation of the product.
How it works
emissions.AI combines deep engineering expertise and advanced analytics to establish an energy and emissions digital twin for your facility. Using state-of-the-art AI-techniques, the solution learns from historic energy and emissions performance what is realistically achievable under any circumstances, taking into account dynamic variables such as:
Operating modes & plant configurations
Changes in process parameters
Efficiency and degradation of equipment
Plant and equipment availability
Operational constraints & output targets
An easy-to-use interface lets your team see real-time energy and emissions performance at a glance. It also allows your team to run experiments that test the impacts of your plant configuration, and highlights optimization opportunities they can exploit.
Our work
CASE STUDY
Leading chemicals company uses emissions.AI to reach best achievable energy and emissions performance
CASE STUDY
Midstream and pipeline operator uses emissions.AI to meet their ambition to reduce operational emissions by more than 60%
CASE STUDY
Independent crude oil and natural gas producer uses ERM emissions.AI to support energy efficiency and decarbonization goals
Recognition and accolades
2023 winner
LEARN MORE
Shortlisted
LEARN MORE
2022 winner
LEARN MORE
Tell me more
Want to hear more about this solution? Ready to see emissions.AI in action? Want to understand how it can work for you? Get in touch and our experts will get back to you with further information.
*FULL NAME
*EMAIL
WHERE ARE YOU ON YOUR JOURNEY?
        -- Select an option --
        
        Just browsing
        
        Looking for a solution
        
        Ready to buy/need a quote
        
        Something else
        
     WORD VERIFICATION
Refresh captcha
By checking this box, you consent to share your information with ERM and be contacted by an ERM representative. If at any point you want to withdraw your consent, please email us. If you have any questions on how we handle personal data, please refer to our privacy policy.
SUBMIT
ISO Certification
SHOW
Copyright © 2000 - 2023 The ERM International Group Limited, All rights reserved
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
MODERN SLAVERY ACT STATEMENT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY NOTICE
COOKIE NOTICE
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All Accept
Cookies Settings