Skip to main content
Parkway Toyota
50 Sylvan Avenue (9W) Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632
Sales: (201) 944-3300
Service: (201)944-3300
Parts: (201)-944-6709
Body Shop: (201) 568-1299
Español
YouTube
Instagram
Home
SmartPath
New Inventory
Pre-Owned
Finance & Specials
Schedule Service
Tire Center
Service & Parts
Collision
About Us
Welcome to Parkway Toyota
How can we help you?
Shop New Shop Pre-owned Schedule Service
Explore inventory
New75
Results
Any Year
Any Make
Any Body Style
Any Price
All Filters
Search
Browse new models
SUV
Coupe
Hatchback
Sedan
Truck
Previous
4Runner
bZ4X
Corolla Cross
Corolla Cross Hybrid
Next
View All Inventory
open in same tab
Offer Details and Disclaimers
Open Details Modal
Get your fair trade value
Trade-in or sell us your current vehicle without ever leaving your home.
Value Trade-in
Financing made easy
From advice on whether to buy or lease to finding the best rates available, we make it easy.
Apply For Financing
Why choose us?
Money Back Guarantee
Exceptional Customer Service
Trade-In Appraisal
Online Purchase
More About Parkway Toyota of Englewood Cliffs
Stress-Free Car-Shopping
New & Used Toyota Options Available at Parkway Toyota
Your automotive needs are our first priority here at Parkway Toyota, conveniently located in Englewood Cliffs, serving Hackensack NJ, Paramus NJ, Fort Lee NJ, North Bergen NJ and Tenafly NJ. We house plenty of popular Toyota vehicles which includes new Toyota RAV 4, Corolla, Corolla Cross, 4Runner, Highlander, Tundra, Prius, Camry or Sienna, and we're sure you'll find the one that fits your needs. Looking to save on your purchase? There are many used car, truck, crossover or SUV options that fit within all budgets, and we have many to choose from!
Want to Talk Auto Finance?
Let the Finance Team at Parkway Toyota Guide You Towards the Perfect Deal
The teams at Parkway Toyota aren't just experts when it comes to selecting the perfect Toyota models for Englewood Cliffs drivers. They're also pros when it comes to financing, leasing, and purchasing those vehicles. Our finance team works with banks throughout the Hackensack NJ, Paramus NJ, Fort Lee NJ, North Bergen NJ and Tenafly NJ area to tailor-fit the perfect financing deal for your budget. Whether you want to lease a brand-new model or take out a loan on a new or pre-owned option, know that you can always count on our in-house finance team for the proper guidance and care.
We Keep You Going
Beyond Buying - Service & Parts Assistance at Parkway Toyota
 Eventually, you will likely need to get some maintenance taken care of on your Toyota vehicle. When the day arrives, the Parkway Toyota service and parts team can help! Whether you're looking to an oil change or you need more involved service assistance, the Parkway Toyota service team is ready to help! From genuine Toyota parts to seasoned service and parts professionals, Hackensack NJ, Paramus NJ, Fort Lee NJ, North Bergen NJ and Tenafly NJ drivers can look to our service team with confidence! From tire rotation assistance to oil changes, brake pad replacement, and beyond - the Parkway Toyota service and parts team is ready to help! Have a few lingering questions? Stop by or contact us today!

 


Visit us at: 50 Sylvan Avenue (9W) Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632
Loading Map...
Get in Touch
Contact our Sales Department at
(201) 944-3300
Monday
9:00am-8:00pm
Tuesday
9:00am-8:00pm
Wednesday
9:00am-8:00pm
Thursday
9:00am-8:00pm
Friday
9:00am-7:00pm
Saturday
9:00am-7:00pm
Sunday
Closed
See All Department Hours
OUR INVENTORY
New Inventory
Pre Owned
Certified Pre-Owned
Featured Vehicles
Current Specials
SERVICE & PARTS
Schedule Service
Service Specials
Order Parts & Accessories
Parts Specials
Service Hours
FINANCE CENTER
Finance Application
Value Your Trade
OUR DEALERSHIP
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Blog
Safety Recalls & Service Campaigns Sitemap Privacy
Ad Choices
Your Privacy & Cookies
Language:
English
Spanish / Español
Korean / 한국어
Vietnamese / Tiếng Việt Nam
Tagalog / Filipino
Chinese / 中文
We respect consumer privacy rights by letting visitors opt out of third-party tracking cookies and honoring user-enabled global privacy controls, like the GPC signal. This site deploys cookies and similar tracking technologies, including essential cookies for necessary website features, accessibility, and cookie preferences (which may interact directly with, or be shared with, third-party service providers), functional cookies for error reporting and to remember settings and deliver optional functionality (including live-chat and other tools, enabling data collection and sharing with third parties), analytics cookies for measuring website statistics and user interactions, and targeting cookies for cross-site retargeted advertising. You can reject targeting cookies by pressing ‘Deny targeting cookies’, but we still use essential, functional, and analytics cookies. By pressing ‘Allow All Cookies’, you consent to the use of all cookies and the sharing of information they collect with third parties. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy, which includes an Arbitration Provision, and details the categories of personal information we collect, the purposes for which the information is used, and how to manage your privacy rights.
Powered by ComplyAuto
Allow all cookies
Deny targeting cookies