+44 (0) 20 8144 7401 Client Login
Menu
SKIP TO CONTENT
HOME
FEATURES
BLOG
ABOUT
CONTACT
Email Marketing. Simplified.
What our clients say about us…
“An intuitive, easy to use system” “A painless migration process” “Our delivery rates have increased” “The team understands our business” “…packed with great features” “Incredibly helpful account management“
Find out more here
A brief introduction
The key to harnessing the full power of email marketing is to run smart email programmes. A guiding hand from an expert takes you from simple to smart, complex email strategies in a handful of easy steps. It makes sense to let the experts manage the pain points for you, developing your skill sets along the way, until you too become an expert. At Red Circle Digital we believe that dedicated support – technical and strategic – should be taken as read for all email marketers.
Build dynamic, relevant and targeted email content
What is a new or existing customer worth to you? Lifetime value? Our sophisticated email tools allow you to build dynamic, targeted and, most importantly, timely email messages, allowing for that all essential engagement with your target audience. With nearly 20 years combined email experience within our team, we know what works, and probably just as importantly, what does not work when it come to email marketing.
Fully managed email marketing
You want the power of smarter email marketing but don’t have a dedicated team to manage this for you, that’s not a problem. Red Circle Digital can take the weight off your shoulders and provide a fully managed email marketing service to you. Think of us as your email marketing team.
Self service email marketing
Our powerful, user-friendly software, combined with in-depth training, dedicated account management and support enables you to easily bring your email marketing in-house. Giving you total control over your email programme, with our team of experts just a phone call away.
or somewhere in between the two
You need the flexibility and reactivity of an in-house email marketing team, but don’t quite have the resource available to you. This is where Red Circle Digital steps in. A hybrid service is available, which sits somewhere between the full autonomy of self-service, but with the peace of mind of a fully-serviced account; the best of both worlds.
Dedicated account management
Whether you wish to manage every aspect of your email marketing yourself, or hand it over to the experts, you will always have the reassurance of having a dedicated account manager. Our proactive team will be on hand to assist you both technically and strategically in your email marketing efforts. You will have their direct line and email address, no waiting in line for help.
Integration and development
Email is a powerful tool in its own right. When it is effectively and efficiently combined with other elements of your marketing strategy the full potential can be truly harnessed. We at Red Circle Digital are firm believers in integration and custom developments to bring your multi-channel marketing to life.
Training
With great power comes great responsibility. Our email systems provide you with a powerful tool set. We understand that it is essential, not just to know what can be achieved, but also how to deploy the many features and functionalities to their best and most efficient ends. Every client is given full training on the platform for their teams.
Deliverability management
The key principle in email marketing is to get your message seen by the right person at the right time. Red Circle Digital are experts in the field of email deliverability and it is our aim to ensure that our clients also become experts in this crucial discipline.
Strategic email programmes
Red Circle Digital will develop your email programme, hand in hand with your marketing team, to ensure that you see the best return on investment for your business. There is no one size fits all approach, we see each client as individual and will tailor the programmes to fit, and exceed, your needs and goals.
Our latest blog post
Evolve your email marketing with A/B Split testing
It’s been a busy day, you and your team have been working hard on this week’s email newsletter. It’s looking good, the content is fresh and relevant, you’ve got something to say to your readers. In fact you’ve been focusing so hard on the content that you haven’t really had the time to take a step back and reflect on your overall email strategy. The weekly newsletters are doing well, lots of opens and a good click through rate. The conversions are always good, so you are confident that what you’re doing is right – it’s working well, after all.

Read more…
What we're saying…
Tweets by @redcircledigit
Where we're going…
The Advanced Email Conference: 17th November, ONE America Square, London
Come and visit us at the The Email Conference in London. We will be exhibiting at the show, held at One America Square 17th November 2015.
"The Advanced Email Conference – Maximum Performance, Maximum Impact Demonstrating Results & Multi-Channel Engagement With Targeted, Integrated & Innovative Email Marketing Content & Campaigns: Power Your Email Marketing With Conversion-Boosting, Customer-Centric & Innovative Strategies To Cut Through, Stand Out & Add To The Bottom Line."
Get in touch
Name
Email
Subject
Your Message
Contact us
London: +44 (0) 208 144 7401
Barcelona: +34 618 856 638
UK Fax: +44 (0) 207 491 0414
Email: contact@redcircledigital.co.uk
Site map
What our clients are saying about us
Features
Blog
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions of Website Use
Anti Spam Policy
Red Circle Digital Ltd. Registered in England & Wales under Company no. 08356715
Copyright © 2024 Red Circle Digital
Handcrafted in London, England