This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!
Tel: 01670 364832   sales@standard-alarms.co.uk
HomeServicesSwitch/SupportContact

WELCOME TO STANDARD SECURITY
We are able to design, install & maintain Intruder Alarms in almost any property. We supply both wired and wireless systems installed to NSI Gold Standards.

Previous
Next
ABOUT US
Established in 1985 we, design, install, & maintain a full range of security systems throughout the north...
Read More
SERVICES
Standard Security are able to design, install and maintain our Intruder Alarms in almost any property...
Read More
SWITCH/SUPPORT
Standard Security are able to takeover/service any Intruder, CCTV, Fire or access control system...
Read More
CONTACT
For further information about Standard Security, please do not hesitate to get in touch today...
Read More

Welcome to Standard Security
  Standard Security are a family run, NSI GOLD accredited, security company based in Blyth, Northumberland.
Established in 1985 we, design, install, & maintain a full range of security systems throughout Northumberland, Tyne & Wear, Durham, Cleveland & the Scottish Borders
As we are a family run business we are able to focus on our customers and we are committed to giving them the care and attention to detail we feel they deserve.
We are NSI Gold accredited for the design, installation and maintenance of electronic security systems for intruder alarms, CCTV systems and access control. We are also CHAS & Constructionline accredited.
For further information about Standard Security, please do not hesitate to get in touch. We are always happy to help.
Tel: 01670 364832 - Email: sales@standard-alarms.co.uk - Address: 51 Bowes St, Blyth, Northumberland, NE24 1EB
                                              Location
51 Bowes Street, Blyth, Northumberland, NE24 1EB.
 
QUICK LINKS
Home
Services
Switch/Support
Contact
Privacy Policy
MORE ABOUT US
If you would like to find out more about the services we have to offer, please do not hesitate to get in touch today. We look forward to answering any questions you may have.
CONTACT
Tel: 01670 364832
Click to email us
All Rights Reserved © 2019 Standard Security