Recommended for Schools by the DFE through the CPC framework
Schools Advisory Service
The Complete Solution for Staff Absence Protection.
Get a quote
Staff Absence Insurance
DfE Approved, Market Leading Staff Absence Solutions 
Read More
Wellbeing Support for Schools
Comprehensive Whole School Wellbeing packages
Read More
MATs & Federations
Specialist products for Multi Academy Trusts, Federations and Local Authorities
Read More
More than Staff
Absence Insurance
Full physical and mental health support. All at no added cost.
SAS provide the complete absence management solution for schools across the UK. All our policies include budget protection though our FCA regulated Staff Absence Insurance, along with health and wellbeing support for your Whole School community.
We have over 25 years experience working exclusively in the education sector and work with over 4,000 Schools and Academies – making us the the UK’s largest and leading supplier.
SAS are a recommended supplier of the DfE through the CPC framework and offer a 100% guarantee that all valid claims will be covered, giving you budget stability and peace of mind.
Whatever you requirements as a school, academy or Multi-Academy Trust, we have the flexibility to find you the perfect solution.
Take your first steps for best value today
Get an SAS Quote
The UK's Largest and Most Trusted Supplier of Staff Absence Protection
Working exclusively in education since 1997
SAS were the first provider to offer a dedicated Staff Absence Insurance product to meet the needs and demands of schools in protecting against staff absences. In the 27 years since, SAS have tirelessly worked with schools, academies, trade unions and education leaders to provide practical and effective support to UK schools.
It was this that led SAS to develop a comprehensive Health and Wellbeing Support package which comes at no additional cost with every SAS policy. This provision is extended and improved every year so our community of schools and academies can benefit from services which have been proven to help prevent and reduce absences in schools. 
News and Articles
Keep up to date with the latest information
Core Strength & Stability
April 30, 2024
Core Strength & Stability All of us should spend time on our core strength and our...
Read More
Improving Balance
April 23, 2024
Improving Balance Normally, improving balance is something that gets overlooked when we talk about fitness and...
Read More
Exercise and Mental Health
April 16, 2024
Exercise and Mental Health We sometimes overlook the link between exercise and mental health. In times...
Read More
View All Posts
Our Partners
Download our
Wellbeing App Today
Access our wide range of Wellbeing Services
The SAS Wellbeing app is the ideal way for school staff to access our wellbeing services and stay up to date with news and events. The app is free to download from the Apple and Google Play stores.
© 2024 Schools Advisory Service
Schools Advisory Service is a trading name of Sovereign Risk Management Ltd. Registered in England No. 03475198 | Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Reg No. 309701)
The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) is an agency for arbitrating on unresolved complaints between regulated firm and their clients. www.financial-ombudsman.co.uk
Terms & conditions apply. Statements on this website true at the time of writing.
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Complaints