INT
REGUPOL
A COMPANY WITH GREAT PRODUCT DIVERSITY
REGUPOL is one of the world's leading processors of recycled elastomers. They are used to create our high-performance sports and safety flooring, antislip mats for load securing, products for impact sound insulation and vibration isolation, as well as protective and separating layers for use in construction projects. In many of these markets, REGUPOL is now one of the leading suppliers thanks to the know-how of the global team. Last year, REGUPOL achieved a turnover of more than €140 million and recycled over 90,000 tons of elastomers. REGUPOL is the winner of the NRW Environmental Economy Award, the NRW Energy Efficiency Award and received the Cradle to Cradle Certified® Bronze certificate for some products in the areas of acoustics, construction and load securing. Cradle to Cradle Certified® stands for a continuous and consistent circular economy. REGUPOL has set itself the task of continuously working on developing solutions to bolster a consistent circular economy. Shaping a sustainable and successful future. That is our goal.
read more
PRODUCTS & MARKETS
SPORTS
Discover our REGUPOL sports and safety floors. They not only provide the safety you need, but are also available in a range of different versions and colour designs. Their functional sport-relevant properties provide athletes in various sports disciplines with the support they need.
read more
ACOUSTICS
Discover how our acoustical solutions can help increasing the quality of living in urban locations. Intelligent urban densification is a key for our modern cities to provide people an attractive living environment and thus excellent sound control and anti-vibration concepts are needed.
read more
LOAD SECURING
You want to transport your goods safely? Then find out more about our REGUPOL anti-slip mats for load securing. Whether you work with diverse maximum loads, sensitive cargos, heavy loads or in extreme weather conditions, with our mats, you’ll always be on the safe side.
read more
CONSTRUCTION
Take a look at our REGUPOL structural protection mats and membranes for flat roofs. These products will permanently and reliably prevent damage to seals and insulation on flat roofs. In addition, the mounting structures for photovoltaic systems can be built on our REGUPOL protective mats to prevent damage to the roof sealing membrane here, too.
read more
News
READ THE LATEST NEWS
read more
Our Company
STAY INFORMED ABOUT REGUPOL
read more
CAREER
Are you looking for university or vocational training place? Have you already graduated or completed a training course and now want to start a full-time career? Or are you simply on the look-out for a new career challenge? Well, you‘ve certainly come to the right place! 
SUSTAINABILITY
In future, sustainable business and industrial operations with the best possible protection for the environment will become more important than ever before. A company’s success and future prospects will no longer be gauged solely by economic parameters. For a large processor of secondary raw materials, it will be no different. We have accurately…
read more
REGUPOL GERMANY GMBH & CO. KG
Am Hilgenacker 24
57319 Bad Berleburg
Germany
+49 2751 803-0
info@regupol.eu
OUR PRODUCTS
Sports
Acoustics
Load Securing
Construction
SOCIAL MEDIA
Imprint Privacy policy
Terms and conditions Whistleblower System Cookies
© 2024 REGUPOL Germany GmbH & Co. KG
Cookie settings
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are technically necessary, while others help us to improve this website or provide additional functionalities.
Necessary cookies
Statistics
Select all Deny Save
Show details
Imprint
 | 
Privacy policy