Lustre
Get Started
Download
Documentation
Development
News
About
Welcome to the official home of the Lustre® filesystem
The Lustre® file system is an open-source, parallel file system that supports many requirements of leadership class HPC simulation environments. Whether you’re a member of our diverse development community or considering the Lustre file system as a parallel file system solution, these pages offer a wealth of resources and support to meet your needs.
Events
Lustre User Group (LUG) 2023
What’s Here?
Here’s how to get started with the Lustre file system, with links to the documentation, and information on how to download the Lustre software.
The Releases Roadmap outlines the community’s schedule of releases and main features.
The Development page describes how you can participate in the advancement of the Lustre file system by joining the development activities currently taking place, including code development, testing, filing bugs, and benchmarking.
Latest News about Lustre developments, summarized in the top box on the right.
Lustre community mailing lists.
Learn more about Lustre.
Wiki
The Lustre Wiki contains pages with information addressing a variety of Lustre topics:
Administration :: Architecture :: Benchmarking :: Development :: Events ::
FAQ :: Features :: Howto ::  Internals :: LNET :: Monitoring ::
Organizations :: Releases :: Testing :: Training :: Tools :: ZFS
Releases
Current Maintenance Release
Lustre 2.15.4 released December 22, 2023
Current Major Release
Lustre 2.15.0 released June 16, 2022
Major Release Under Development
Lustre 2.16.0

   Latest News
Lustre 2.15.4 released
Lustre 2.15.3 released
Lustre 2.15.2 released
Lustre 2.15.1 released
Lustre Links
Download Lustre
Releases Roadmap
Release Information
Get started with Lustre
Mailing Lists
Read Documentation
Submit an Issue
Lustre Wiki
OpenSFS
EOFS
© 2024 OpenSFS and EOFS.
All rights reserved.
About Lustre
About Lustre
Lustre Roadmap
Release Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Run Lustre
Download Lustre
Getting Started
Documentation
Lustre Wiki
Get Involved
Lustre Development
Lustre Development Wiki
Join a Mailing List
Submit an Issue
Working Groups
News
Latest News

The Lustre® trademark is jointly owned by OpenSFS and EOFS.