406-929-2162
CONTACT US
MY ACCOUNT





Your Security Experts in Billings, MT
DIS Technologies is the security experts for home and business owners in the Billings, MT area. Why work with us?
Exceptional Customer Service
Quality Products, Carrying a Three-Year Warranty
Solutions Designed to Fit Your Needs
FREE EXPERT SECURITY ASSESSMENT
1964
Founded
1,000+
Happy Customers
100+
Managed Computer Networks
3-Year
No-Questions-Asked Warranty
Why Choose Us
We are the trusted IT and security solutions company.
We Answer the Phone
Too often, we hear complaints from new customers who are frustrated by the fact that their former IT or security company was unreliable. That’s why we’ve emphasized customer service. When you call, we’ll be there for you.
Tech Expertise
We have been providing tech solutions to businesses in the area since 1964 and are very well-trained in the latest security and IT solutions. There’s no need for you to worry about a lack of understanding of technology any longer.
Quality Products
At company, we offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee for our products. All of our products feature a three-year warranty. Most customers find that their products far outlast the warranty as they end up using them for years.
24/7 Support
You never know when disaster may strike, which is why we are here for you around the clock. Feel free to call our customer support team at any hour to find a solution.
"The staff at DIS is all top-notch! Everyone is always more than helpful. I love working with Josh Drinville. He had my request completed immediately upon receipt of my email--can't ask for faster service than that. Josh is always so patient and helpful he is a great asset for the company."
Sheila Finco
IT MANAGER, POWELL COUNTY MT
"I love DIS! We have had such great customer service since we went with DIS. No problem is too small, which makes the company so wonderful to deal with. I have had many opportunities to engage with the techs, and they have all been super. Thanks, DIS!"
Kathy Conlin
COMMISSIONER’S ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT, SANDERS COUNTY MT
How It Works
INITIAL CALL
ON-SITE VISIT
PROPOSAL & SITEMAP
INSTALLATION
TRAINING & SUPPORT
Initial Call
We understand how intimidating it can be to make the first phone call requesting IT and security solutions, especially when you may not have much background on the subject. With DIS Technologies, there’s no need to worry. Our technicians will walk you through every step to gain a better understanding of the problem at hand.
Give Us a Call to Schedule Your Security Installation
If you’re looking for exceptional customer service out of your next IT security company, be sure to contact DIS Technologies today!
406-929-2162
Industries
Local Government
Although we serve many different types of businesses, government facilities and agencies make up the majority of our customers. No matter if it’s helping state agencies or local municipalities, we are here to keep residents safe.
Learn More
Law Enforcement & Detention Facilities
When dealing with criminals, it’s imperative that there be security measures to capture their every move in case a situation arose. That’s why law enforcement agencies and detention facilities trust our services.
Learn More
Construction Sites
Construction sites often contain expensive equipment and valuable materials. There’s no better way to protect assets and property than with one of our temporary security solutions designed specifically for construction zones.
Learn More
Hospitality & Entertainment
Whether it’s a physical altercation that breaks out or theft, it’s crucial that those in the hospitality and entertainment industry, including bars, casinos, and restaurants, install a reliable security system.
Learn More
Commercial Businesses
If you run a commercial business, we are here for you. Our team will work with you to come up with a security solution that meets your business needs, keeping your employees and valuable property safe.
Learn More
Office Workplace
It’s important to keep security in mind, even when working in an office. In most offices, sensitive information is passed around regularly, including bank information and personal data. DIS Technologies can help design a security solution to protect employees in an office workplace.
Learn More
Case Study
Challenge
Solution
Results
Billings Christian School was using an old, analog security system with only a few cameras in use. With recent news of security concerns at schools, the school knew that they needed to upgrade to a modern, advanced system to ensure the safety of their students. They reached out to DIS to plan and install a system that would monitor every aspect of the school campus.
"Our county recently made a huge change to our computers & IT and decided to go with DIS Technologies. We could not be happier with that switch! Their IT Dept. is very professional when working with us, but yet don't talk over our heads when we do have questions. Our county feels very confident with DIS leading the way in protecting our technology and information. We would highly recommend you give them a chance to take care of your technology needs."
Janel Tucek
CLERK AND RECORDER, CLERK OF DISTRICT COURT, ELECTION ADMINISTRATOR, PETROLEUM COUNTY MT
"I don't know how we could have gotten to where we are today without the help of DIS Technologies! From the first time I was introduced to this company something about them stood out. When we were ready to update our entire operating system, our CAD/RMS, and Video Monitoring system, I knew they were the company I wanted to do the job. I was pleased with their enthusiasm and willingness to work with/for us. They made the installation painless, and every step of the way since has been the same."
Brenda Martin
9-1-1 DISPATCH MANAGER. WEST YELLOWSTONE POLICE DEPARTMENT
"DIS has been our trusted technology company for 16 years. The staff is very knowledgeable, helpful and easy to do business with, Technology is moving at a rapid pace and DIS has always been ahead of the curve and able to assist with any technology need we have. DIS handles the purchasing and networking of our company computers, firewall, antivirus, speed issues, whole disk encryption, phones, and more. They are remarkable to work with and we are very happy with their delivery of services."
Roger Daniel
PRESIDENT, ROGER L. DANIEL INSURANCE AGENCY
IT Solutions
Take a look at our other IT solutions outside of security to find the right plan for you.
IT Support
At DIS Technologies, we can provide streamlined business processes, comprehensive consulting strategies, and increased security to help improve your IT systems.
Learn More
Network Security
We provide real-time protection for your business by using tools such as firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, and virtual private networks.
Learn More
Documents Management
With Document Management solutions, you and your staff will have the power to create, access, manage, control and distribute electronic documents with just a few clicks.
Learn More
VoIP Phone Systems
DIS Technologies can help you choose the VoIP system that best suits your unique needs and budget.
Learn More
Give Us a Call to Schedule Your Security Installation
406-929-2162
CONTACT
230 Broadwater Ave
Billings, MT 59101
501 N Sanders
Suite 203
Helena, MT 59601
  406-929-2162
MENU
Solutions
Industries
Services
Our Company
Contact Us
RECENT POSTS
CONNECT WITH US
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Copyright © 2020 DIS Technologies, 230 Broadwater Ave Billings, MT 59101