Call us on:
01273 622176
How to Order
Company History
Studio
Contact
CREATIVE GLASS FOR ARCHITECTS
Float Glass Design are one of the leading designers and producers of Creative Architectural Glass in the UK specialising in the design and production of textured and coloured glass for interiors and architectural projects for high-end properties. We offer a complete design and production service to architects, designers, contractors and individual clients. All our glass is handmade in our Brighton Glass Studio and made to measure to your specific requirements.
Glass Ranges
View our Designer Ranges of Textured Glass, Coloured Glass, Glass Cladding and Antique Mirror Glass to find the best glass for your project.
Create
➣
Bespoke Services
Looking for something unique ? Check out our bespoke processes to see how we can create an original glass feature just for you.
Design
➣
Projects
View our portfolio of creative architectural glass for a diverse range of projects from feature walls to glass cladding for building facades.
Inspire
➣
How to order
Find out how to order your glass, request samples and get information about lead times and delivery.
Order
➣
Discover Float Glass Design
Explore our Product Specifier to select the best glass for your project . Here you can choose your glass type, texture, tint, colour and finish from over 1000 glass samples. You can request a sample and download technical information for your project. We look forward to working with you.
Textured Glass
Textured glass offers exciting possibilities as a design element in a wide range of architectural applications. It has the unique ability to perform as a decorative feature as well as a functional and structural building material.
Coloured Glass
We are delighted to introduce Spectrum, our exclusive new range of coloured glass. The Spectrum range is fully compatible with our renowned textured glass products.
Glass Cladding
Textured glass wall cladding is a stunning architectural feature that is ideal for a wide range of commercial and residential interiors and creates a sophisticated, functional and contemporary design statement for both internal and external applications.
CLICK HERE TO EXPLORE THE PRODUCT SPECIFIER
Contact
Visit us at: The Green Unit Holmsted Farm, Staplefield Road, Cuckfield Haywards Heath RH17 5JF
or email info@floatglassdesign.co.uk
We are a working glass studio so if you would like to come and see us please contact us to arrange a visit.
Place an order
Tell us what you want and we’ll give you a call back.
Bespoke Design
Benefit from our experience to get the best result for your project.
Discuss your project
Ask us a question or talk to us about your needs.
Request a sample
We are happy to provide samples to professionals.
Please complete all mandatory fields.
Name: *
Email Address: *
Phone Number:
Any info about your project?
Send
➣
To discuss your project or any technical queries, please call us on 01273 622176 or email info@floatglassdesign.co.uk 
Contact
➣
AccessibilityPrivacy PolicyCookiesTerms of use
© Float Glass Design 2024. All rights reserved.
Designed and built by JeaterBROWN.uk