Make new customers instantly feel like they know you, trust you and get what you’re all about
We turn one relaxed filming session into multiple assets for websites, sales videos, landing pages and email and social media campaigns

Show that it’s the people behind the brand who deliver its real value

Is your business based upon relationship selling?
Sell your know-how to win more deals faster.
Phil will make you look good, Martin will make you sound like a pro

With years of experience, we know how to get the best
from a shoot. You’ll come across as the expert in your field.
Maximum quality production
Minimum hassle

A completely managed service with strategy, worry free filming, locations if needed and all post-production.
Take away the time and stress of constantly having to come up with content ideas

Become the content superhero of your brand with a made-for-you package of video content to engage customers.

Turn your expertise to gold with
customer case studies and video testimonials
Your most powerful deal closing tool
Turn prospects from shy to buy with case studies that supercharge the selling power of your website.
Make your prospects feel like they are missing out on what you have done for other customers.
Make your clients
look good too
If relationship selling is what works for your brand, involve your customers to cast a spotlight on the positive part that they play.
And make them the super hero of your partnership.
Make success lead
to more success
Few digital assets are as powerful as a client success story – turned into a video case study.
It will positively influence customers along their entire journey with your brand.
Think Video have helped us to build greater trust in our brand and we’ve closed several deals as a result.
We couldn’t be more pleased – the results were high quality in every way.
Not quite sure yet? Maybe you
Wouldn’t know what to say
No one is ever tongue-tied on a shoot with Think Video – it’s what we do.
Don’t have the time or space
Our detailed preparation means you just turn up. No location? Leave that to us.
Are worried about the cost
Low cost-per-video pricing. We also have
Done-With-You options if that’s your preference.
Lack the confidence
Heard of the book “How to get your interviewee relaxed on camera”? We wrote it.
Build greater trust and deeper engagement at all stages of the buyer’s journey
Video is the great
trust builder
No one buys anything from anyone that they don’t like or don’t trust.
Put your trust in video and your customers will undoubtedly trust you.
We all buy
emotionally
And go on to justify those decisions with logic later.
Nothing works better than video to connect on a deeper level with your audience.
People buy
from people
Your customers are constantly looking for answers to their problems.
Show up on camera as the expert in your field who can provide them.
Qimtek - the UK’s leading manufacturing network
Our content was right on the money straight up and whilst we do have some video capability in-house, there’s no way we could have achieved anything like this ourselves.
Need big agency video?


Just as you would research buying a new camera or TV, your customers are also out there looking for new partnerships for their businesses
Humanise your brand with video and become one of those switched-on personalities with which buyers need to connect.
Check Out Our Blog
Home
About Us
Portfolio
Free 15-Minute Consultation
Humanise your brand with video
Think Video Limited, 34-35, Butcher Row, Shrewsbury, SY1 1UW
martin@thinkvideo.net
© Copyright 2024. All Rights Reserved.
Sign up with your e-mail address to receive news and updates