11 VERIFIED REVIEWS
WRAP Login
PFP Login
Helping you plan your financial future and freedom
We help our clients deliver on their financial goals.
Find out more
Chartwell Financial Services & Wealth Management is a firm of financial planners regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
We are a family practice managed by highly qualified financial planners who are supported by an excellent administration team. Our business has been going strong for over 21 years and continues to go from strength to strength. Our philosophy is to be positive and ambitious, and we have established strong professional bonds with successful individual and corporate clients who share our approach.   We regularly receive new introductions from our existing clients which is testimony to the excellent advice and proactive service levels we provide.
In total, we manage over £230 million on behalf of our clients, a testament to the trust that has been placed in our expertise and dedicated personal attention.
You know what we do, but why do we do it?
We do it because we want to help you achieve your goals and aspirations
To sustain the lifestyle you aspire to (and hopefully currently enjoy)
And to get back on track if your circumstances change, or you just strayed from the path.
 It’s not what we do, it’s why we do it!
Find out more
What We Do
We believe financial planning is about providing an ongoing service and investing your money to reach both your personal and financial goals.
Tax Planning
We ensure maximum tax efficiency in conjunction with your changing circumstances and tax legislation. This includes mitigating and planning for potential Income Tax, Capital Gains Tax, Inheritance Tax liabilities and all the complications that could arise.
Retirement Planning
Helping you achieve financial independence and your lifelong goals through managing your assets effectively, monitoring your income and expenditure alongside detailed estate and legacy planning.
Cashflow Modelling
Often an overlooked and underused aspect of financial advice, together we can illustrate how we can keep your goals on track whatever happens by creating a model of your cash flow through the years using income, assets, expenditure and key life events.
Corporate Solutions
Assisting you and your company to keep on top of the complicated and ever-changing world of employee and employer benefits. We also specialise in workplace pensions, legal obligations, wellness in the workplace, business protection and any changes in legislation.
Case Studies
Mike's Investment Plan
Read More >
Peter and his business
Read More >
Jim's Retirement
Read More >
Karl's Cashflow Planning
Read More >
Find out more
Newsroom
Your financial goals, delivered
Pension Dashboard Programme Delayed…
Pension Dashboard Programme Delayed… 12 June 2023 was a day of procrastination for the new Pensions Dashboard Programme, with a new deadline set for 2026. “[The Treasury] should challenge the industry to make a pensions dashboard available to consumers by 2019, bringing together industry and consumer representatives to help them set direction and drive progress.”
Read More >
Not That Interested: savers short-changed on rate hikes.
Not That Interested: savers short-changed on rate hikes. The Bank of England has been looking at the impact of its regular interest rate increases since December 2021, with analysis revealing savers are being short-changed.   Every three months the Bank of England issues a weighty Monetary Policy Report. In it the Bank sets out the
Read More >
FCA Takes on Crypto: handle with great care
FCA Takes on Crypto: handle with great care The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) recently announced a plan for tougher regulations of cryptoassets, such as Bitcoin. Recently published research undertaken for the FCA showed that in August 2022, nearly five million UK adults owned cryptoassets, typically cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. That was more than
Read More >
Tax is too complicated… say the legislators
Tax is too complicated… say the legislators A parliamentary committee has been examining efforts to simplify tax, but progress is still a long way off. Among other things, last year’s ill-fated ‘mini-Budget’ was notable for the swiftness with which Jeremy Hunt reversed most of the proposals it contained. The promise of reduced corporation tax and
Read More >
Find out more
Where to find us
Chapel House Barn, Pilmoss Lane, Whitley, Cheshire, WA4 4DW
0161 929 3500
info@charwellfs.com
Contact Us
First Name
Last Name
Postcode
Phone
Email
Enquiry
Submit
Sign up to Newsletter
Register
Links
Company
Chapel House Barn, Pilmoss Lane, Whitley, Cheshire, WA4 4DW
0161 929 3500
info@chartwellfs.com
Follow us on Facebook
Chartwell Financial Services
Chartwell Wealth Management is a trading style of Chartwell Financial Services which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Our FCA registration number is 189602 and this can be checked at Register Home Page (fca.org.uk). The guidance contained within this website is subject to the United Kingdom regulatory regime and is therefore targeted at UK residents.
The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) is an agency for arbitrating on unresolved complaints between regulated firms and their clients. Full details of the FOS can be found on its website at www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk
Copyright 2023 © Chartwell Financial Services. All Rights Reserved. Website Design by Bemunchie Online. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy