Skip to content
Info@LuckyPrints.com
773-687-8996
Search for:
SEARCH
Login
Design Now
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin-in
Instagram
APPAREL
SERVICES
PROMO / SWAG
GALLERY
RESOURCES
CONTACT
Click here for Promo Swag!
Previous slide
Next slide
CHICAGO’S TRUSTED CUSTOM APPAREL COMPANY
Welcome to LuckyPrints, your trusted custom apparel company based in the heart of Chicago, serving businesses nationwide. As a premier provider of custom apparel, t-shirt printing, and custom printed merchandise, we understand the importance of making your brand stand out. 
With our passion for design and commitment to quality, we take pride in transforming your ideas into eye-catching, high-quality garments that make a lasting impact. Whether you’re a local Chicago business or located anywhere in the U.S., our dedicated team is ready to fulfill your custom apparel needs and ship directly to your doorstep. 
Discover the LuckyPrints difference and enhance your brand with personalized style and professionalism today.
APPAREL PRINTING SERVICES
Quality
We’re hyper focused on quality! From a single color black imprint to a complex 8 color simulated process job, we’re dedicated to making sure your project is perfect!
Service
We’re better, and we’ll prove it! We answer our phones, respond to emails, and follow-up all in a timely manner. Our service devotion doesn’t stop at the sales department, it flows through the entire company!.
Design
Have your own art? Cool! Need help with design? No problem. Maybe it’s a combination, or an idea. We’ve got you covered! Our art department is here to make sure your items will look great.
New
Apparel
Comfort Colors Garment Dyed Heavyweight Ringspun Short Sleeve Shirt
100% Cotton
Bella + Canvas Unisex Jersey Tank – 3480
1
2
3
4
ARTWORK?
Raster Vs. Vector
Simulated Process Or CMYK?
Spot Color
Good / Better / Best Design Options
ARTWORK GUIDE
GARMENTS?
Value vs. Premium
Material
Types of Cotton?
Sizing
Garment Dyed
GARMENT GUIDE
SCALE?
Imprint Size
Scale of design
Unique Locations
SCALE GUIDE
DECORATION?
Screen Printing
Embroidery
DTG
DTF
LEARN MORE
FEELING INSPIRED? We continue to be a go-to source for clothing labels, businesses, and independent designers who are looking to bring high-end, retail ready screen printed and embroidered designs to life. If you see something you like, hit us up to get more information on how we can make your project as eye catching as some of these”
GET A CUSTOM APPAREL QUOTE
Luckyprints
4.8
Based on 40 reviews
review us on
Lamar Sanders
10 days ago
Sondra W
6 months ago
Lucky Prints did an amazing job on my Mother's memorial T-shirts! Shout out to Mac for assisting me. She was very professional & answered all my questions! Am very happy you made an emotional time go so smooth! Thanks again, God bless you !
Laura Rounce
6 months ago
Responsive & creative staff delivered my personalized logo mugs on time and on budget.   The finished product is outstanding and  it was so popular I had to double my order.    I wanted to meet the staff and owner so I picked up my order at their workshop\warehouse in the west loop and got a quick tour of their shop.   I was so pleased to see their cool operations.  However, they will ship or deliver as well, whatever works for the customer.   Staff were nice and appeared genuinely concerned that I loved my order.     100% recommend!
Chicago Packtive Dog Daycare and Boarding
7 months ago
I highly recommend Lucky Prints. They have completed multiple bulk orders for my company and the finished product has always come in exactly as I ordered, and very high quality. Not to mention, the staff was extremely helpful when it came to the design and placement. Definitely call Lucky Prints if you are looking for a pro printing company!
Erica Harrington
7 months ago
Great experience working with Luckyprints! Our small daycare business made sweatshirts and ts for our teachers and they turned out beautifully. Mac and the team made the whole process so easy, and the turnaround time was very quick. Would highly recommend!
Dan Abu-Absi
8 months ago
Curt and team do great work at competitive prices. I'll definitely continue using them for all my printing
Kianna Goss
9 months ago
I recently had the opportunity to work with Luckyprints for jackets for our organization and we were very impressed with the customer   service and the quality of the jackets. Also, Curt has excellent service, he was patient and kind when we were trying to place the order.
Angelique Smith
9 months ago
I recently had the pleasure of working with Luckyprints for a project for my residential and commercial cleaning service, The Clean Junkie, and I cannot praise them enough for their outstanding customer service and exceptional product quality. From the very beginning, their team was attentive, patient, and genuinely enthusiastic about bringing my vision to life.The experience with Luckyprints was nothing short of remarkable. They went above and beyond to ensure every detail was met, making the entire process smooth and enjoyable. Their communication was prompt and courteous, addressing all my queries and providing valuable suggestions to enhance the final product.When I finally received The Clean Junkie prints, I was beyond elated. Their printing company perfectly captured my vision, and I couldn't help but burst out in tears of joy. The attention to detail and the quality of the prints were unparalleled, exceeding all my expectations.I highly recommend Luckyprints to anyone seeking top-notch printing services. Their dedication to customer satisfaction and the ability to turn your vision into reality is truly commendable. Thank you, Curt + Luckyprints team, for making The Clean Junkie project a memorable and emotional success!
Kimberly Cahill
12 months ago
I was referred to Luckyprints by the Mokena Chamber of Commerce.  Curt was communicative and accommodating throughout the entire process.  In addition to the print job being very well done, they did some rework on our logo, which turned out               AWESOME!  Return customer, for sure!
Valeska Anleu
a year ago
Luckyprints is quality in their work and quality in their customer service. Logan and Curt are great, always answer emails quickly and make you feel at ease from design to print process.
Nicole Grady
a year ago
LuckyPrints made amazing drink koozies on quick turnaround for my friend’s 40th birthday party. They were easy to work with and the results were perfect.
Evan Burnham
a year ago
I can't say enough good things about Luckyprints! I'm starting my own clothing brand as a part of the initial process I reached out to many of the garment printers in the Chicago area. It was clear from the start that Luckyprints has amazing customer service and competitive rates - they helped me find the right garment I needed and walked me through the whole process. The final hoodies I picked up were even better than I envisioned - they're high quality and done right - shoutout to Logan for all the help as well. I plan on using Luckyprints for all my projects moving forward!
Marie Cheslik
a year ago
I am a business owner that was looking to get some custom shirts done. After many hours of calling other businesses and supply chain frustrations, I called Logan at Luckyprints and found some serenity! I laid everything out on the table and she was communicative, professional, and honest. We found that a solution that worked best and I'm jazzed about the results. They even got my order ready a few days before the estimated date, which is always appreciated. Thank you Logan and Luckyprints!!
Rose Frommelt
a year ago
I got some embroidered beanies for a bachelorette party and they were incredible to work with! Extremely responsive and on time even though my order was probably a lot smaller than their usual. Very friendly,  professional and helpful communication. Pickup was easy and quick. The beanies themselves were high quality and the embroidery looked amazing. Would definitely recommend to anyone!
John Lyons
2 years ago
I would give six stars if I could!  Communication, turnaround, cost, and going above and beyond are just some of the things I can say Luckprints does well.  As a small business owner I can attest to how difficult things can be right now with staffing, supply, etc. and they still delivered exemplary service.  Thank you again Luckyprints for being great!
Allison Bruce
3 years ago
Luckyprints is a great company to work with. I appreciate the range and quality of tee shirts to choose from.  The applications turned out great for both shirts I designed and ordered from Luckyprints!
Taneka Jennings
5 years ago
Luckyprints has a fast turnaround, excellent customer service, and a great product! We ordered bulk screen printed t-shirts, which were ready on-time and beautiful. Would strongly suggest going in-person to review fabric and design layout and pick out paint colors as these vary from digital image to fabric - we did that and it made all the difference. A great company!
Helen Kwan
6 years ago
I really love Ozzy and the rest of the team. They have been such a pleasure to work with. I just started a clothing line and recently moved to Chicago- so finding them right when I moved here was meant to be. The quality of the prints have been great and everyone loves the black gloss on black tanks! We also ended up ordering some sweatshirts that we later decided to not go forward with and they credited the money back to us for a future Luckyprints order- that is what I call caring about your customers- they truly do! I am looking forward to our continual partnership 🙂
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
SEND
USEFUL LINKS
My Account
About Us
Contact Us
HELP & SUPPORT
FAQ & Guides
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
HOURS OF OPERATION
Mon. - Thurs. 8AM-4PM
Friday 8AM-2PM
In Person By Apt. Only
Facebook-f
Linkedin-in
Instagram
2023 © ALL RIGHTS RESERVED