Time's running out for wildlife
Save Surrey's Nature
Skip to main content
Menu
Search
Main navigation
Auxiliary menu
Kids
Home
Share
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
EMAIL
WHATSAPP
Save Surrey's Nature
We're on a mission to raise one million pounds for nature
Donate now
15,000+ members
60+ nature reserves
1,000+ volunteers
Since 1959
Protecting wildlife
With the support of our volunteers and members, we care for over 5,000ha of land. As one of 46 UK Wildlife Trusts, we work with other organisations, landowners and communities to protect and connect wildlife sites across the county.
  More about us
30 Days Wild: UK's biggest nature challenge
30 Days Wild is The Wildlife Trusts' annual challenge event, where everyone involved does one wild thing a day throughout the month of June.
We’re excited to celebrate 10 years of 30 Days Wild with YOU this year. 
Sign up today and receive a FREE pack in the post, plus lots of inspiration for activities.
Find out more
Wild About Gardens: Snails & Slugs
The 2024 Wild About Gardens theme is here: Snails and Slugs! Learn even more about slugs and snails with our new booklet. It’s packed with facts, identification guides, and tips on how to protect your plants in a slug-friendly way.
Find out more
Top stories
All news, blogs & publications
BLOG
Surrey Choices Meet the Newborns at Bornhurst Farm
Last month, we welcomed 80 customers and staff members from Surrey Choices - a charity which supports those with disabilities - to…
NEWS
SWT partner with cutting-edge gaming brand Plantly
This new collaboration will provide a fun and educational tool to raise public awareness of plant conservation.
BLOG
Fundraising initiative raises money for educational viewfinder
Local Surrey community group ‘Friends of Pewley Meadows’ are raising money to install a viewfinder on this precious chalk grassland site…
Find a nature reserve
Visit a wild place near you
Find one
Our courses
Discover our range of wildlife courses
View courses
Join our mailing list
Keep up-to-date with nature news
Sign-up
What's on
View all events
FULLY BOOKED
Level 3 Certificate for Forest School Leaders 2024
Thursday 22 February 2024 - Friday 27 September 2024
Location:
Nower Wood Educational Nature Reserve, Leatherhead, England
More info
FULLY BOOKED
Willow Obelisk
Friday 10 May 2024
Location:
Bay Pond Nature Reserve, Godstone, Surrey
More info
FULLY BOOKED
Willow Obelisk - New course added
Friday 10 May 2024
Location:
Bay Pond Nature Reserve, Godstone, Surrey
More info
Helping wildlife at home
All actions for wildlife
Make a bug hotel
Find out more
Plant for pollinators
Find out more
Provide water for wildlife
Find out more
I've supported the Wildlife Trusts for the last 55 years. They are bringing wildlife back and restoring the natural world we love so much. Please support them as much as you can
Sir David Attenborough
Wild about social media
Join the conversation and keep up to date with the latest wildlife news
Who we are
About usOur missionLatest news
Support us
Join usDonateVolunteer
Jobs & training
VacanciesWork experienceTraineeships
Footer
Contact us
FAQ
Policies
Sitemap
Connecting Surrey's Nature
Registered Charity No. 208123
Surrey Wildlife Trust is a company limited by guarantee, registered in England no. 00645176. VAT number GB 791 3799 78. Registered office School Lane, Pirbright, Surrey, GU24 0JN
  This website uses cookies to improve your experience
Find out more
Okay, got it No thanks