We use cookies to improve and monitor website visits. Read our privacy policy
Reject
Accept
Icon Relo is our comprehensive relocation service that removes the stress and distractions for your assignees and meets the needs of your global mobility policy.
Award-winning service for complete peace of mind.
More on Icon Relo
International & domestic removals
Domestic or international move — by air, sea, rail or road — our team ensures it runs smoothly. From surveys, packing and logistics, to customs clearance, storage arrangements and competitively priced insurance, all with a reassuring single point of accountability.
More on Icon Move
Home search & orientation
Where it all began, over 20 years ago. DSP services built to the highest standards in the industry. Icon has been the holder of the European Relocation Association’s Global Quality Seal longer than any other UK DSP. And it’s all supported by our award-winning Icon apps.
More on Icon DSP
The only global mobility brand with a gold rating
Scoring in the top 5% of all companies assessed, we were measured on environmental, social, and ethical performance in multiple categories — environmental impact, labour practices, fair business practices and sustainable procurement.
When you partner with Icon, you’re helping to make a positive contribution to sustainability in our industry.
More on sustainability
Short & long-term housing
We are one of the largest researchers of the UK housing market, with data on over 1.8 million properties, and tens of thousands of viewings. No one else can offer you such a broad and up-to-the-minute range of housing options.
More on Icon Stay
Award-winning apps built to make life easier for you and your assignees
Our case management system MoveWise gives 24×7 visibility of all our relocation services — so we can proactively manage any issues, assess trends, monitor KPIs and track expenditure — keeping everything running smoothly for you.
For those on a lump-sum move, our Cosee app provides everything from real-time property availability, price, commute distance, locale advice — even tips on how to manage relo paperwork.
Cosee incorporates CoseeChat, our AI chatbot, available 24×7 to give you answers precisely when you need them. And it can even connect you with one of the Icon team, if you need to speak to someone.
Specialist services
Knowledge and experience of all the complexities of relocation is vital, so Icon Plus offers you specialist services such as immigration, work permit and visa application, executive leadership relo, and expense management.
More on Icon Plus
Recent insights
Some of our clients
Call us on +44 (0)1892 600500 or email us
About us
The company
Our people
Why Icon?
Our difference
Our tech
Global reach & partners
Compliance & accreditations
Sustainability & CSR
Work for us
Our services
Relocation services
International removals
Home search & orientation
Digital support products
Short & long-term housing
Specialist services
Other pages
Insights
Podcast
Modern slavery policy
GDPR & compliance
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
©2024 Icon Relocation Limited. Designed by Gibson.