CART (0)
Welcome to Art of the Lakes!
DONATE
Making Art Happen 
Throughout the year, we host a number of events and activities that highlight the talents of our member artists and provide a place where everyone—young and old—can experience the power of creativity. Besides our notable visual arts classes, we're adding culinary experiences to the menu along with great performances and other enjoyable events you won't want to miss!

Check out our Classes and Events pages for upcoming opportunities to add to your enjoyment while living here in Lakes Country! To be informed of all that's happening here at AOTL subscribe now to our monthly newsletter.
SUBSCRIBE
The former First Lutheran Church on Main Street is providing much needed space for creative endeavors we're hoping to bring to the Battle Lake community.

Options include rooms for classes, meetings, culinary, working, and creating; as well as, open areas for dancing, exercising, performing, and socializing—the possibilities are countless. There are spaces for hosting large functions as well as intimate gatherings for purposes to inform, educate and to entertain. This new center will be transformative both for Art of the Lakes as well as the community-at-large. We're always looking for new faces interested in helping us bring this dream to life. 
JOIN TODAY
Art of the Lakes Fundraiser
FRIDAY MAY 10TH
Thumper Pond Resort
300 Thumper Lodge Rd., Ottertail, MN 56571
Doors open at 6:00pm bingo starts at 7:00 pm

Included with your ticket is a taco & salad bar
Cash bar! 
(Starts at 6:00 and continues through the event)

20 games for $45
All dollars raised go towards a summer arts program for kids.
BINGO
Events
Follow us on Instagram and Facebook
Art of the Lakes provides equal opportunity and access to its facilities and programs to all individuals regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, beliefs, sexual orientation or disability in admission, access or employment. Upon request, accommodations will be provided to individuals who face barriers to participation in AOTL's services, programs, and activities.
Some activities in this organization are made possible by the voters of Minnesota through grants from the Minnesota State Arts Board and the  Lake Region Arts Council, thanks to a legislative appropriation from the Arts and Cultural Heritage fund.
We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! 

Phone (218) 864-8606    |     Email  aotl@arvig.net    |    Address   108 Lake Avenue S. - PO Box 244, Battle Lake, MN 56515