This website stores data such as cookies to enable important site functionality including analytics, targeting, and personalization. You may alter your preferences at any time or accept the default settings.
Data Storage Policy
Marketing
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Menu
Check Availability
6 Exciting London Locations
Why Guests Love Marlin...
Marlin Member Discount
Award Winning Apartments
No Hidden Costs
Quick and Simple Booking
From comfortable and affordable accommodation to Central London locations, added extras like early check-ins to member discounts, discover why Marlin is considered a serviced apartment industry leader and book your apartment in London today. Whether you're a family enjoying a break in the capital, friends enjoying a weekend escape, or you're in London on business, our serviced apartments in Central London provide you with the comforts of a home away from home with the amenities of a hotel
Covid 19 Update
Rated AA Covid Confident, you can rest assured when you choose Marlin's aparthotels and serviced apartments in London that we're doing everything we can to keep you and your loved ones safe.
Staying Safe
We have updated and implemented procedures to prioritise the Health and Safety of our guests and employees across all our aparthotels. Click here to learn more.
Waterloo
View property
Aldgate Tower Bridge
View Property
Limehouse Commercial Road
View Property
London Bridge Empire Square
View Property
Canary Wharf
View Property
London City Queen Street
View Property
Need Inspiration?
Not sure where to go or what to see? Check out our handy London guides. Providing you with all the inspiration you need and helping you decide which London aparthotel to choose.
Guide to Vintage Shopping
Best Hidden Markets
Explore London
Family Breaks
View more
Our London Aparthotels and Apartments
Marlin's London aparthotels are situated across seven popular locations throughout the city. For those who require an aparthotel in London for business, our Canary Wharf and Queen Street locations are ideal. Close to some of the key business districts, they're also within walking distance of major tube lines to make getting around the city simple. For families looking for action and adventure, our Aldgate Tower Bridge location and London City Queen Street serviced apartments are situated amongst some of London's most historical sites. Close to the Tower of London, St Paul's Cathedral, Tower Bridge and only a short walk to the Southbank for Shakespeare's Globe, they provide the perfect base for exploring all that London has to offer. If you're enjoying a weekend break away with friends and looking for the best places to brunch, cool cafes for lunch and lively nightlife locations, then our Limehouse, London Bridge Empire Square or Waterloo aparthotel locations are made for you. Nestled amongst some of the most stylish bars and restaurants and only a tube ride away from the major overground stations, our range of serviced apartments allow you to enjoy the capital to the full, while providing you with a comfortable and elegant place to stay
New Marlin Locations
Join us in another vibrant capital with our new Marlin hotel in Dublin. Just like our London hotel apartments, our Dublin hotel enjoys a central location and guests can relax and unwind in comfortable and contemporary surroundings.
Discover Dublin
Marlin Hotel Dublin
Day Stay at Marlin Waterloo
Just need a base for the day? Then our day stay in one of our Waterloo serviced apartments could be the solution you've been searching for. Whether you need a place to work away from the hustle and bustle of the capital, or you're catching a red eye from one of the city's airports and need a place to rest your head, our Classic Room offers every comfort you need. Book your serviced apartment for six or ten hours between 08:00 – 18:00 and relax in style.
Find out More
Why Choose a Marlin Serviced Apartment?
Serviced apartments provide you with the perfect combination of home comforts and hotel luxury. With plenty of space to stay, play, relax and unwind, they're the ideal base for business travellers who need a quiet place to work, couples looking for a romantic getaway, friends enjoying a lively weekend away and families who need the space to spread out. Providing guests with their own kitchen, you can choose to cook up a storm in our hotel apartments or dine out in style, enjoy a cosy evening in watching the digibox or have a wild night on the town. You can even round off your stay with a soak in the tub using our complimentary luxury L'Occitane products. Looking to stay in one of our apartments in London? Check out our special offers and save even more on your stay
Which London Aparthotel Will You Choose?
When you know which of our apartments in London you want to stay in, booking is simple. Select your desired dates and search for available accommodation. If you have any questions about our serviced apartments’ locations or need help deciding which accommodation to choose, then contact our friendly reservations team who will be happy to help and welcome you to the capital.
Serviced apartment industry leader
"Amazing as usual!"
I always look at Marlin when it comes to visits in London. I find booking an apartment a lot better than a hotel for just because I have more living space compared to a box room a hotel can offer for similar price! The room had everything I needed and everything was clean and tidy.
- Wesley C
"Ticked all the boxes"
We could not fault it, position good, apartment clean and had everything we needed. We would return and highly recommend. Any problems and reception solved it. Ideal for tube, pubs restaurants, easy access to Central London.
- V1SAG
Receive special offers, guides and much more
Subscribe
Explore London your way
Our Address
111 Westminster Bridge Road
London, SE1 7HR
T: +44(0) 20 7378 4840
F: +44(0) 20 7378 4841
E: reservations@marlin.com
Our Locations
Waterloo
London City Queen Street
London Bridge Empire Square
Aldgate Tower Bridge
Canary Wharf
Limehouse Commercial Road
Dublin
About Us
Contact us
Manage Your Booking
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Media/Press
Quality Policy
CSR
Newsletter Signup
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google +
© London Letting & Management Limited