LOG IN
| info@theheavenlycakecompany.co.uk | 07459661594
Shop
Celebration Cakes
Vegan Cakes Delivery in UK
FAQs
Reviews
About
0
Nationwide Delivery
Delicious Vegan Cakes – Egg Free | Dairy Free | Gulten Free
Free-From What You Don’t Want.
SHOP NOW
Life is short. Eat the cake.
You Choose: Egg Free, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Sugar Free, Vegan, Soya Free. No Nuts or Palm Oil used
HEALTHY CAKES & BROWNIES
BUY NOW
GLUTEN FREE, EGG & DAIRY FREE SELECTION
BUY NOW
SUGAR FREE, EGG & DAIRY FREE SELECTION
BUY NOW
EGG/DAIRY FREE COOKIE SELECTION
BUY NOW
CHOCOLATE CHIP CAKE
BUY NOW
BROWNIE SLAB
BUY NOW
CUPCAKES
BUY NOW
MINI CAKE ASSORTMENT
BUY NOW
Welcome to The Heavenly Cake Co, your one-stop-shop for multi-allergen, delicious vegan cakes. Here, taste meets health in a perfect symphony, as our bakers craft delightful, indulgent treats that are made in a nut free kitchen and are free from egg, dairy, soy and palm oil with options for gluten free flour and sugar free. Our mission is to ensure that no one has to miss out on the joy of cake, regardless of dietary restrictions or lifestyle choices. Enjoy guilt-free desserts that are ideal for the health-conscious, uber-healthy consumer. Each cake is handmade, individually crafted with love and health in mind, using only ingredients that pass our strict quality standards.
Homemade Vegan Cakes Online
Our online store is open 24/7, bringing you the most exquisite homemade vegan cakes from our kitchen to your doorstep. Simply select the ‘free-from’ options that suit your needs, and we’ll deliver a cake that everyone in your household can enjoy. Our cakes aren’t just for immediate indulgence – they can be frozen too, perfect for packed lunches or children’s parties. With a shelf life of 7 days, just keep your treat in the fridge and enjoy it at your leisure. And, if you have a unique request not featured on our website, do not hesitate to ask. We’re a small team who values personal service and is always ready to discuss your cake and cookie-related needs. 
Free-From What You Don’t Want
Say goodbye to worry and hello to enjoyment with our range of free-from vegan cakes. We are committed to catering to diverse dietary needs without compromising on taste or texture. Every heavenly bite is devoid of what you don’t want but packed full of flavour. Our bestsellers include the decadent Vegan Chocolate Cake, the Sugar-free Vegan Chocolate Cake – our most popular delight, the Gluten-free Vegan Chocolate Cake, and the light, zesty Gluten-free Vegan Lemon Cake. Our bespoke cakes ensure that everyone, even those on a free-from diet, can indulge without compromise.
GLUTEN FREE?
Our gluten free bakes are carefully made in the same kitchen as spelt flour bakes
BROWSE SELECTION
NO NUTS OR SOY!
WE might be a bit nutty but our recipes are not (some ingredients may contain trace)
BROWSE SELECTION
Sugar Free Treats?
We offer Xylitol (for diabetics) and Coconut Sugar (for the uber healthy) if you prefer
BROWSE SELECTION
EGG & DAIRY FREE
Every single one of our bakes is proudly plant based, and we’re very proud of them too!
BROWSE SELECTION
OUR MATRA
Baking for a world FreeFrom Cake FOMO
ARTISAN HEALTHY DELIGHTS
At The Heavenly Cake Company we use the finest ingredients in all our cakes and cookies including organic spelt wholegrain flour (or a gluten free alternative) raw cane sugar, (or a coconut sugar and agave nectar alternative), coconut oil and lots of love! Each cake is individually handmade to order just for you.
plant based & free-from
The ultimate in FreeFrom cakes and cookies; egg, dairy & soy free. No nuts used in here but there are options for gluten free and/or diabetic friendly or coconut sugar. Simply select your options and build your own. At last the freedom of FreeFrom
A BIT ABOUT US
We've been doing this since 2005, so we know a thing or two about FreeFrom.
We love what we do, and we also love our customers which is why there are no additives or preservatives in our baking. If we can't pronounce it we don't use it.
Authentic recipes, developed by us for you.
READ MORE
                Jonathan Rennick
2024-03-10
   Ordered dairy free lemon cake for Mother’s Day. Cake delivered on time and in good condition. Cake tasted amazing and very moist as well. Very happy, would recommend.
            Mark Boutros
2024-03-01
   We ordered a gluten free, soy free, sugar-free cake, which we didn't think existed. It was amazing. Highly recommend and the delivery was quick and the cake was in great condition.
            M Finn
2024-02-27
   I have just enjoyed  most beautiful delicious yummiest birthday cake that was  delivered today from this wonderful company, it was so nice,  I now ordered my friend one for her birthday to enjoy! Customer service great & I recommend ordering for maybe a  special occasion or if you just fancy a quality treat for no particular reason, I will order from the heavenly cake company again and again thanks for working hard and allowing us to enjoy your creative cakes!
                          Google rating score: 4.7 of 5, based on 41 reviews 
      LET US HELP YOU
FAQs
Contact Us
Customer Service Opening Hours
Monday to Friday: 9am – 5pm
Saturday: Closed
Sunday: Closed
Call us at – 07459661594
ABOUT
About Us
Blogs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
FOLLOW US
YOUR ORDERS
Sign in
>SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Sign up to receive updates and news on our latest products:
2023 Allergy Free Cakes From Heaven Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Allergy Free Cakes From Heaven Limited ‘trading as The Heavenly Cake Company’ a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 06497049. Registered office: Unit One, 139 Brookmill Road, London SE8 4JH