Bird Shoppers Paradise
302-684-4101
26754 Lewes Georgetown Highway
Harbeson, Delaware 19951
Delaware's Largest
Exotic Bird Store!

About Us
Boarding
Grooming
Birds
Toys/Cages
Food
Shipping
Additional Services
Education
Contact Us
Located in Harbeson, Delaware!
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK!
WE HAVE NEW PRODUCTS!
WE OFFER PACKAGE
DEALS
IN STORE!
WE HAVE NEW PRODUCTS!
WE OFFER PACKAGE
DEALS
IN STORE!
We now offer exotic fish!
Check out our Betta Fish display!
Check out our Facebook page for the latest updates on birds!
Find Us!
Open in Google Maps
Contact Us!
302-684-4101
Bird Grooming
In store and mobile grooming
Appointment Only
302-500-1604

Store Hours:
Monday-Saturday 11am-6pm
Sunday 12pm-6pm
Gift Cards Available!
About Us
Some of the breeds we carry are: Macaws, Cockatoos, African Greys, Amazons, Conures, Indian Ring Necks, Quakers, Cockatiels, Parakeets, English Budgies, Canaries, Sun Conures, Green Cheek Conures and others.
Most of our birds are hand fed and hand raised. We also have a rescue program, where birds are brought in from various circumstances, including abuse and neglect. We also re-home birds that have been surrendered by owners.

It is very important to us that each customer has an idea of what they are looking for in a bird, so that we can match the right bird to their new owner. We encourage any experienced or new bird owner to take the time to meet our birds and interact with them. We also provide any education and information regarding breeds and their diets.

M & D Bird Farm is proud to serve you!

M & D Bird Farm was founded in July of 2002 by Terri Sherwood (Martin), who began breeding Cockatiels and later expanded into other breeds, such as Parakeets, Conures, Senegals, and Amazons. This proved to be a niche in lower Delaware and Maryland Eastern Shore to provide hand-fed, tame pet birds, that no one else was offering in the region. Over time, Terri grew a successful business, offering breeds of all kinds. After over 20 years in the bird business, Terri  can now relax and enjoy the fruits of her labor with her husband, Danton as well as grow her bird grooming business.

With the help of Terri's cousin, Lin Martin and his wife Lydia, who will now be the new business owners, M & D Bird Farm will be able to continue providing hand-fed, tame birds that its known to offer--from finches to Macaws, in all sizes and price ranges, including the supplies needed to get new and experienced bird owners started off right.



Boarding
Here at M & D Bird Farm, we offer a large boarding room for your feathered family member while you are away!

Boarding Rate:

Small birds: $16/day per cage
Medium-Large birds: $20/day per cage
*Any special accommodations, such as medication administration, will be an additional cost at M&D Bird Farm's discretion
*We do not accept any sick birds as this is a risk to other boarders and birds in the showroom*
How to Book:

Please call (302) 684-4101 to book your bird's stay. We ask that you book with us at least 1-2 days in advance to allow us to prepare your boarding cage and supplies.

What to Bring:

When you board with us, you don't have to worry about a cage and food. We provide everything for you, but if your bird prefers their own food and cage, you are more than welcome to bring that in!
Please let us know of any special accommodations. We can also provide grooming services for your bird during their stay!
Grooming
Bird grooming involves maintenance of beak, nails, and wing feathers. This is usually done about 2-3 times a year or more often as needed. Here at M & D Bird Farm, we provide professional grooming services for your feathered family member!

Terri offers in store and mobile grooming services!
Grooming services are made by appointment only. To make an appointment or have any  questions regarding grooming services, please call Terri at (302) 500-1604.
Size
Price for EACH service
Nails, Beak, or Wings
Price for all 3 services
Extra Small- Canaries, parakeets, budgies, etc.
$10
$26
Small -  cockatiels, lovebirds, etc.
Wings $15
Nails $15
Beak $16
$36
Medium- conures, quakers, senegals, etc.
Wings $18
Nails $20
Beak $21
$51
Large- Amazons, African Greys, etc.
Wings $22
Nails $24
Beak $26
$60

Birdie Day Spa
Bird bath, grooming of nails, beak, and wings
$125
Feather Treatment Bath
$60
*An additional charge will be added for overgrown nails and beaks
**All prices may change at M & D Bird Farm's discretion
Additional Grooming Services
Toys, Cages, & Accessories

Bird toys are essential for the physical and mental well-being of our feathered friends. Toys provide stimulation, exercise, and entertainment, which are crucial for a bird's physical health. Birds need to move and play to maintain their muscle tone and keep their minds active. Toys also help prevent boredom, which can lead to destructive behaviors such as feather picking and aggression.

Toys
Additionally, toys can encourage natural behaviors, such as foraging and preening, which can enhance a bird's quality of life. Therefore, providing a variety of toys is crucial for the overall health and happiness of pet birds.

Here at M & D Bird Farm, we offer a variety of toys for you bird. Call or stop in to see our current inventory!
Cages

Bird cages are important for the safety and well-being of pet birds. They provide a secure and comfortable living space where birds can eat, drink, play, and rest.



Bird cage sizes are an important consideration when choosing a cage for your avian friend. The size of the cage should be appropriate for the size of the bird and allow it to move around freely. A cage that is too small can cause stress and health problems for the bird. It is recommended to choose the largest cage possible, with enough room for the bird to spread its wings and move around comfortably.
Additionally, the cage should have perches and toys to keep the bird mentally and physically stimulated. Proper sizing and accessories can contribute to a happy and healthy life for your pet bird.

Call us for any questions about our cages or come in and check out our current inventory.

Accessories and Others
In addition to toys and cages, we offer a variety of other items, such as cage accessories, perches, travel carriers, bird bath supplies, supplements, and more!
Here are a few brands we carry
Food
Parrot nutrition consists of a variety of foods including seed, pellets, fresh fruits and vegetables, and occasional snacks. An incomplete and imbalanced diet is one of the most common causes of bird illness. It is important to get them on the right track to a happy and healthy life with a well balanced diet.

We carry several brands that we believe are the best for your bird.
We recommend doing some research or consulting with your avian vet on your bird's diet as there are specific diets that are needed for specific species.

Please call us or stop in to see our current inventory. We are also happy to answer any questions regarding parrot diet and nutrition.


Birds
We offer a variety of parrots in various ages and stages. Most of our birds are hand fed and raised starting at 3-5 weeks old. Once our birds are weaned, they graduate to the bird showroom, where customers may interact and hold them. We also carry rescued and surrendered birds from various circumstances, giving them love and care until they are ready to go to their new home.
Below are the different kinds of parrots we typically carry in store.
For the most up-to-date information and pricing on our current inventory of birds, please call or check out our Facebook page!


Macaws
Cockatoos
Sun Conures
African Grey
Green Cheek
Conures
Cockatiels
Amazons
Parrotlets
Indian
Ringnecks
Lovebirds
Quakers
Parakeets/English Budgies
Caiques
Finches
We will occasionally carry other breeds, such as Senegals, Eclectus, Mustache parakeets, Alexandrine parakeets, canaries and others.
Be sure to call or check out our facebook page for the most current updates!
*Because we care about the health of our birds, we ask that anyone who wants to handle any of our birds, to follow our store policy regarding bird handling.
Deposits and Purchases
Deposits of any amount are accepted on any bird purchase. We will hold your bird until full payment is received. Remainder is due within 30 days before taking your bird home. We accept cash, check, debit, and all major credit cards. We can also take deposits over the phone by calling our store at (302) 684-4101.
M & D Bird Farm gift cards are also available!

Please call us with questions regarding our payment and refund policies.
Shipping
We are now shipping within the United States by private courier. We offer airline shipping by Frontier, Delta, and Alaska Airlines via cabin. We also offer shipping via ground transportation. We hand deliver all of our birds to ensure that they arrive safe and into your hands directly.

All shipping fees depend on location, size of bird, and type of shipping (airline vs. ground). Please call our store at 302-684-4101 to discuss shipping a bird to you.

***We unfortunately cannot ship birds to Hawaii.
We also ship food and supplies!
Call the store to discuss any of our products to you!
Additional Services

Determining the gender of a bird can be done through several methods. One of the most reliable ways is through DNA testing, which involves taking a blood sample or plucking a few feathers for analysis. Another way is through physical characteristics, such as the color of the feathers, size, and shape of the bird's body or beak. However, these physical traits can vary depending on the species of the bird, and it may require an expert to make a determination. Lastly, observing the bird's behavior during breeding season can also provide clues about its gender. Males may display courtship behaviors or sing songs to attract a mate, while females may build nests or lay eggs.


Express DNA Sexing
Express DNA Sexing - $50
We offer express DNA sexing via blood sample at our store. Please call us to make an appointment.
Please allow about one week for DNA results. We will call you for the results.
DNA Certificates will be mailed to you within 1-2 weeks after receiving results.

In addition to bird boarding, we now offer dog and cat boarding!
To learn more and to get pricing details, please visit www.eliteretreatde.com or call 302-670-9315
We also carry dog food, toys and treats! Located within the bird shop.

We now offer
Dog and Cat Boarding at
Elite Retreat!


Education
Below, we offer a list of bird owner resources that may be helpful to you. We always recommend consulting a veterinarian for any questions regarding your bird's health. Unfortunately, we cannot give any medical advice since we are not licensed veterinarians. We are happy to direct you to any veterinarian resources.

All of our information is provided by the Association of Avian Veterinarians
Click the links below for more information

Find an Avian Vet
Basic Care for Parrots
Signs of Illness
Foraging for Parrots
Veterinary Care for Your Pet Bird
Household Dangers
Care for Senior Parrots
When Should I Take My Bird to the Vet?
Weaning Baby Parrots
Contact Us
302-684-4101
Email Us
Message us or leave a comment
on Facebook