Home
Why PAT Test
Services / Costs
Vacancies
Contact
Welcome to Aberdeen PAT Test Services
Aberdeen PAT Test Services are specialists in the field of PAT Testing (portable appliance testing) & Electrical Inspection. Due to our professional approach and value for service we have quickly become one of the North East of Scotland’s largest dedicated PAT Testing Service. Providing a comprehensive, yet cost effective solution to meet our clients PAT Testing needs Onshore and Offshore.
Best Price Guarantee - Want to save money on your PAT Testing? Then provide us with a recent quote or invoice from another provider and we will guarantee to save you money. It really couldn't be more simple!
If you’re in need of Portable Appliance Testing in the Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire and surrounding area or the rest of Scotland please give us a call. It would be our pleasure to apply our experience to your specific situation. At Aberdeen PAT Test Services, we specialise in the testing and electrical inspection of all electrical appliances for, Oil and Gas companies, offices, shops, hotels, workplaces, small businesses, sole proprietors and individuals. Call Aberdeen PAT Test Services today!

  Why Pat Test
PAT Testing and the Law
The Electricity at Work Regulations requires that employers maintain their “electrical systems” at work to prevent any danger to anyone. This is a legal requirement.
The Health & Safety at Work Act 1974 puts the duty of care upon both the employer and the employee to ensure the safety of all persons using the work premise, this includes the self employed.
PAT Testing Legal Standards
Portable appliance testing, or PAT testing, is a major contributor to ensuring safety at all times, and will enable your business to comply with the legal standards. Failure to implement a programme of regular appliance testing can lead to serious consequences, as well as affecting insurance policies.
Our Main Services Include
Inspection & testing of electrical equipment
Visual inspection
Microwave oven leak test
Professional PAT Testing Software to manage assets
We provide Pass/Fail Test Results & Completion Certificates (Free of Charge)
We provide Pass and Fail labels (Free of Charge)
Free fuse replacement (as required Free of Charge)
Plug rewiring and replacement
Public Liability Insurance to the value of 10 million
Repair service offered for most minor repairs
Flexible working hours to suit businesses needs and minimise disruption
PAT Testing Off-shore & Marine and Diving Vessels
    Aberdeen Office
T: 01224 399173
Inverurie Office
T: 01467 290010
REQUEST A CALL
name:
tel:
email:
company:






PAT Test Services Aberdeen     |      Portable appliance testing Aberdeen      |     PAT Testing and the Law Aberdeenshire      |     Inspection and testing of electrical equipment
© 2011 Aberdeen PAT Test Services       |       sitemap      |      links