A Software Partner You Can Count On
Web. Cloud. Mobile. Desktop. We do it all.
GET IN TOUCH
MEET BLUEBERRY
Software Development Company
Web Application Development
Mobile Development
Amazon Web Services
Software Security
Generative AI Integration
Blueberry is a custom software development company like no other. We have over twenty-five years’ experience in designing custom software applications - from concept to delivery. With our unique blend of business expertise and technical know-how, we have helped hundreds of clients achieve their business goals using the latest technologies. We focus on really understanding our customers’ needs and issues, so that we can design the best software solution to improve their business performance and profitability.
SEE ALL OUR SERVICES
You'll Be In Good Company
Projects We're Proud Of
300 +
PROJECTS COMPLETED
30 +
PLATFORMS USED
200 +
HAPPY CUSTOMERS
Arla Foods
Dimec
Animaware
NHS
Allport Cargo Services
PKF Cooper Parry
BROWSE CASE STUDIES
The Blueberry Advantage
We believe in building trust and strong working relationships with our customers, and that a collaborative approach delivers the best results. By utilising our own in-house tools to make the software development process more efficient and cost-effective, we’re able to work better with our customers, deliver effective solutions and provide a more positive experience overall.
ACCELERATED DEVELOPMENT
Our development platform for web apps accelerates delivery and keeps costs down.
READ MORE
TOTAL TRANSPARENCY
Blueberry’s online tracking system gives a clear picture of the status of your project.
READ MORE
REVOLUTIONARY TESTING
Our technology improves communication between testers and developers.
READ MORE
“Blueberry has been pretty fundamental right from the start. They are the right size, with the right skills mix… we couldn’t have built an app without them.”
ANDREW BAILEY, CEO – DIMEC
WATCH THE VIDEO
READ MORE TESTIMONIALS
Strong Technical Skillsets
Software engineering evolves at an incredible pace, with new technologies and methodologies appearing constantly. A key part of our job is staying on top of that – so while we can draw on the deep knowledge and experience from being been in business for over 20 years, we continually stay at the forefront of emerging technologies.
C++
iOS
Angular
HTML 5
dot.net
Windows
AWS
MySql
Linux
Python
SEE THE FULL LIST
How We Work
Here’s what happens when you decide to work with us.
1. CONTACT US
Get in touch to tell us your requirement. Whether it’s just an idea, a detailed specification or a problem you’re not sure how to solve, we can help.
2. WE TALK
We’ll set up a meeting with you to discuss and define your project in detail, ideally in person, but we can do this over the phone as well.
3. OUR PROPOSAL
We’ll provide an analysis of several options before recommending the best approach, and send you our proposal to consider.
4. LET'S GO!
Once you choose to work with Blueberry, your dedicated and accessible project manager will keep you informed and involved from start to finish.
MEET THE TEAM
From The Blog
29 Sep 2021
Raspal Chima
Artificial Intelligence Systems in Application Development
Bespoke software that utilises artificial intelligence systems has gradually been making its way into business software, with many companies from different industries expecting their activities to be shaped by AI within the next 5 to 10 years. In fact, just as the Internet changed our way of life, so AI systems are predicted to be an equally transforming force. Here we summarise the most popular uses of intelligent applications in business today – in particular, image recognition.
...
VIEW BLOG
26 Oct 2023
Raspal Chima
A Template for Building Modern Web Apps
Building a web app can be time-consuming, especially if it's a core business function. But there are ways to accelerate the process. Here we discuss our own template for building modern web apps.
...
VIEW BLOG
We're Ready To Help You.
CONTACT US TODAY AND LET’S GET STARTED.
GET IN TOUCH
BLUEBERRY
Blueberry has been a trusted partner in custom software development since 1997. We work in partnership with our customers to create intelligent solutions that add value and improve efficiency.
204 Scott House, The Custard Factory, Gibb Street, Birmingham, B9 4AA, United Kingdom
Tel: 0121 285 6404
enquiries@bbconsult.co.uk
EXPERTISE
Windows Applications
Web Applications
Database Systems
Mobile
Cloud Hosting
Security
Mac and Linux
SERVICES
Custom Software Development
Software Based Products
Technical Consultancy Services
Specialist Services
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Site Map
Cookie Preferences