Custom and Innovative Solutions Engineered to Address Complex Challenges Across a Variety of Industries and Markets
"We, individually and as a team, will deliver and continually improve services that consistently meet or exceed our customer's increasing expectations."
Your Success is Our Success
JET engineers bring mechanical, electrical, software and systems expertise to provide a complete solution that is scalable to the future. We design custom solutions for networking throughout your organization. The JET team has successfully deployed these solutions to the agriculture, aerospace, unmanned vehicle, automotive, medical and industrial markets.
JET can also provide training and development for your team in both business and best technical practices.
In the News
HER Magazine Features Helena Long
Featured Projects
Self-Calibrating Manufacturing Test
JET designed, manufactured and deployed a mobile testing solution to increase speed and accuracy.
View Project
Leadership Development
JET created a custom Leadership Development Program to meet particular training needs.
View Project
Advanced architecture and design allow for extension of your systems as your business grows and expands.
Engineering
JET provides engineering services to our customers who need innovative solutions to challenging issues, supporting all phases of the product development process.
Engineering
Leadership & Development
JET’s consulting services leverage an extensive technical background. The team’s focus on roles in company workflow and exceptional communication skills aid clients in determining and executing a course of action to pursue success.
Recruiting & Training
Innovative Solutions for Challenging Issues
JET provides solutions for the needs of today and the future.
Industries We Serve
JET leverages technology from one industry to another
HVAC
JET has a wide range of experience in heating, ventilating, and air conditioning (HVAC), incorporating applications from individual component testing for R&D to end-of-line production test.
Agriculture
From prototype systems to Validation and Verification (PV&V), JET has a wide breadth of experience in Agricultural and Off-Highway systems.
Automotive & Infotainment
Vehicle manufacturers face a variety of challenges when building a reputation of quality and performance in the era of consumer electronics. Testing must be done sooner, be more comprehensive and be easily adaptable.
Applications
Test Standards
Measurement Systems
Integration
Configurability
Integration
Aerospace & Avionics
JET is located in one of the nation’s hubs for flight communication and control systems. The team has extensive experience with building MIL-STD-1553 bus controllers. Critical test infrastructure and validation systems ensure future systems are regression tested, creating a faster to market timeline for customers.
Pressure & Valves
High-pressure and high-volume valves require a unique expertise in volumetric and mechanical test operation design. JET understands the exceptional circumstances that exist at 3,500 psi and knows how to test a system built to work at that pressure.
Robotics, UAS & Automation
JET has extensive experience in robotics, automation and unmanned systems, applicable across a variety of industries including manufacturing, agriculture and integration solutions. The team also offers UAS solutions such as photography, inspections and mapping for commercial and real estate clients.
The Outcome
The test rack created a clear benchmark improvement in final test of the fuel pumps. The automated testing allowed the customer to meet quality demands for their product. It was a major step to ensure the customer had the highest quality of fuel pumps in the field.
Certifications & Partners
JET Engineering
1241 Park Place NE
Cedar Rapids, IA 52402
Ph:   319-294-6106
Fax: 319-382-0160
About Us
Careers
Engineering
Recruiting & Training
Contact
JET Engineering, Inc. in Cedar Rapids, Iowa is ISO 9001:2015 Certified.
Our team follows a rigorous quality management process to ensure your systems and products are built with the utmost consideration for quality.
Copyright © 2024 JET Engineering
Powered by JET Engineering