HOME
ABOUT US
GALLERY
OUR PROCESS
PRODUCTS
TESTIMONIALS
SERVICES
CONTACT US
DESIGN CENTER
FINANCE
OUR PRICING
CAREERS
(614) 322-3333
SIGN UP FOR A FREE QUOTE OUR BLOG CURIOUS WHAT PROJECTS COST?
Thank You for Visiting Our Site!
As an Outdoor Living Design & build Firm, we specialize in all sorts of projects that can transform your backyard into a beautiful space to share with your family and friends. Let our experienced office staff, sales staff and install crews create the space you have been dreaming of right outside your back door.
Rather you are in the market for a composite deck, paver or natural stone patio, fireplace, or pavilion- you have come to the right site. Check out the link below for our most popular categories, stop by the design gallery to see some of our work, or push the “our process” button below and learn a little bit more about us!”
•••••
Decks
Patios
Room additions
Fire features
Walls
Open Sided Structures
Outdoor Kitchens
WELCOME TO CREATIVE EARTHSCAPES
We are a full-service Outdoor Living company our staff is prepared to help you design and install almost any project you can imagine. Except for swimming pools, we design, permit, and install anything you can imagine. Our office staff has over 75 years of Home Improvement experience alone and is here to help you along the way. Our owners are hands on with the Sales and Project install teams as well of Office Management. Most of our crews have been with us since the beginning, making our process seamless and communication between the departments worry-free.
DECKS
Wood or Composite, we love them all. Custom decks are the way to go since every home is unique, and we use only the highest quality materials for our decks. Our experienced crews install more composite decks than most anyone else in the City!
PATIOS
Natural Stone, Brick and Concrete Paver patios are a great foundation to start an Outdoor Living project. We have many material options and a showroom with designers to help you choose. All hands on deck on our job sites, most of our work is done by hand instead of large machinery that tears up your yard.
ROOM ADDITIONS
A great way to add space to your home without all the hassle of moving. Different scopes of project and material options give room additions a ton of options to work with including heating. This would be a true addition to your homes space, more room for family dining or a place to watch the big game!
FIRE FEATURES
Gas or wood burning, fireplace’s and firepits are a trend that is here to stay. Let us dress it up for you in some veneer stone or install it into a custom cedar wall- the options go on and on. Maybe a pizza oven would be right for you!
STONE WALLS
Walls can be functional, aesthetic or both! Rather it is a seating wall or a wall retaining your driveway- let us help you design and install a wall for you! No two walls are the same, materials matter- let us help you make sure the wall is built to last and backed with our 5-year warranty.
OPEN-SIDED STRUCTURES
Pavilions, pergolas, and gazebos, oh my! Shed roofs, open gable, and cedar trim, let us guide you along the way. Built to match your home and withstand the test of time. These can include electrical like outlets, TVs and lighting and details that are to your preference. For instance, exposed rafters with a tongue in groove ceiling or an extended soffit. In general, we are going to plan these to match you home and seem like it was always meant to be there.
OUTDOOR KITCHENS
Veneer stone, Paver stones, or NatureKast cabinets; indoor quality cabinets built for outside. We design, build, and install so many options with kitchens, each one is different depending on your needs and choices. Trust the experts on this one, you do not want to be a companies first outdoor kitchen install 😊 Most of the time electrical and gas line installs are a part of this feature. Planning permits and partners you can trust are an important part of a successful Outdoor Kitchen install.
Gallery





How Did You Hear About Us?
Referral
Yelp
Facebook
Google
Bing
Yahoo
Google+
Magazine
Home Show
Web Surfing
Other
Product
Composite
Wood
Cinyl
Aluminum
Paver
Stamped
Project
Select
Deck
Patio
Structure
Fence
Kitchen
Fire Pit/Fire Place
Walls
Steps
Are You Interested In Financing?
Yes
No