Skip to content
USA CANADA
Craving the goodness of whole foods in a bottle?
Crafted in small batches using a proprietary technology, drinkme® combines the nutritional superpower of kale with a medley of whole fruits, achieving a harmonious balance of flavor and wellness.
When you want healthy whole food to fuel your body – we make it easy. As easy as our name… all you have to do is – Drinkme®
SHOP NOW
Plant-based
Made with 100% organic whole foods – not juiced – meaning, if it’s edible, you’re eating it, including peels, pulp and stems.
Nutrient-dense
Get the maximum nutrient values – all the fiber, antioxidants and flavonoids naturally found in organic whole foods.
Certified Organic
We use only organic ingredients. We also choose local ingredients supporting farmers that grow and harvest the ingredients within hours of putting them in our drinks. We choose local.
Taste Whole Food Goodness
Green
14.4FL OZ EACH (410 ML) • CASE OF 8
Our award-winning whole food smoothie features bananas, making this beverage delicious, creamy and nutritious.
SHOP NOW
Ginger Coco
14.4FL OZ EACH (410 ML) • CASE OF 8
We have combined coconut with whole kale, apples and ginger to create a symphony of…
SHOP NOW
FRESH
guaranteed 21 day
refrigerated shelf life
FROZEN
guaranteed 12 months
frozen shelf life
Meet
Christina
18 years ago, I was battling the side effects of radiation treatment for thyroid cancer and medication I was taking for multiple sclerosis.
In my relentless quest for better health, I educated myself on raw, whole food nutrition, experimenting with different plant-based ingredients to create Drinkme® 100% organic whole food smoothies.
OUR FOUNDER


Thank you for the delivery and the phone call to let me know about it. My mom absolutely loves the beverages, and I had a chance to try them myself today and thought they were delicious as well. I absolutely loved the jalapeño spiced shot – I would love to order some of those.
Alekandra
I took your little booster and can just taste the goodness in it. Can you suggest what I should be taking daily? I love your products and believe it can help me.
Brenda


Food Science and Drinkme®
In today’s busy world, people struggle to get the recommended 3 to 5 servings of vegetables and 2 to 4 servings of fruit they need every day. Let Drinkme® help you reach your nutrition goals. Drinkme’s star ingredient is Kale, a superfood that contains fiber, phytonutrients, and antioxidants that can be beneficial in disease prevention and proactive health and wellness. Also, all of our drinks are made with whole food using cold blend techniques and High Pressure Processing to preserve the active functions of important enzymes.
Drinkme® believes food is healthiest in its natural form. Nature gives us living, whole, nutrition-packed foods. Drinkme® works hard to keep them that way.
LEARN MORE
Find Drinkme® at
your favourite
grocery retailer.
Stay Connected
Follow along for all the updates and promos.
Email
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy policy.
Instagram
Facebook
#drinkmebevco
Customer Support
T: 1 877 797 9003
DrinkMe®
Corporate Headquarters:
Box 235, 553 N PCH, Suite B,
Redondo Beach, California,
90277
CONNECT
Shop
Shipping
FAQs




Load More
follow @drinkmebevco & @drinkmecanada on instagram
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy • Copyright © 2022 DrinkMe Beverages USA