English Grammar Online
… the fun way to learn English!
Dictionary
auf Deutsch
Start
English Grammar Online … the fun way to learn English online
Study English
In the Grammar and Vocabulary areas, you will find exercises, explanations and word lists. In the Writing area, we tell you how to write English texts and how to work with stylistic devices. Our study tips help you to learn English more effectively and with more fun. And if you want to do one exercise every day, try out the Daily English lessons.
Read and Learn English
This section provides you with interesting texts on English speaking countries, holidays, animals and sports. In the Literature area, you will find excerpts and easy versions of famous novels.
Business English
In the Communication area, there is everything that you need for everyday business: structure of English business letter, wordlists and a generator for creating business letters easily. The Business-Info area provides you with tips on your career as well as strategies for marketing, negotiation, customer service etc.
Teach English
This section provides teachers with information on how to use ego4u material in class. For several topics on cultural studies, we have added notes that will help you plan your lesson. In the Lessons area, you will find printable material in PDF files. And if you want to get in touch with other teachers, use our Teacher’s Board.
Calendar 2023
Like every year, we would like to thank our visitors and have a little Christmas present for you - our vocabulary calendar.
The choice is yours: would you like to learn English, French, Spanish, Esperanto or German? Just choose a language and download your calendar for free on our website lingolia.com
Relax and Learn English
Learning English should be fun – so why not improve your English with our Games and Riddles? You can also send E-Cards to your friends or Chat with Egon.
LingoPad Dictionary
LingoPad is a free offline dictionary for Windows. It contains a German-English dictionary; other dictionaries (Spanish, French, Japanese, Chinese, Turkish, Norwegian, Esperanto) can be downloaded as well.
New on ego4u and Lingolia
Vocabulary calendar 2023 in English, French, Spanish, Esperanto or German
Conjugator for English Verbs
Learn Spanish grammar on Lingolia
Learn German grammar on Lingolia
English grammar for Apple iPad with English explanations
Auxiliary verbs with 10 exercises
Simple Past and Present Perfect Simple with exercises and tests
Simple Present and Present Perfect Progressive with exercises and tests
LingoPad 2.6
Pool of exercises with more than 4280 sentences
Cram Up
Grammar
Pool of Exercises
Writing
Vocabulary
English Tests
Study Tips
Read On
Countries
Animals/Sports
Literature
Business
Communication
Grammar
Business-Info
Chill Out
Games & Riddles
E-Cards
Teach In
Cultural Studies
Lessons
Contact
Privacy Policy
About us…
Cookie Settings