Mergeflow
Enterprise AI for the tech industry
Our AI solutions help you discover and explore the technologies, companies, and ideas that enable your next product, service, or mission.
Get started
Powering entrepreneurial scientists and engineers across industries
Worldwide tech discovery
Reduce time to market
Many places and organizations invest heavily in creating new technologies. They may already have created part of the solution for your problem. Our software helps you discover and explore these solutions at scale.
Ask in natural language
Real-time data
Customizable
Enterprise-level data privacy
See how
Custom AI solutions
Get research superpowers for your product development team
By automating tasks that are time-consuming and necessary but ultimately not value-adding, our custom AI solutions free you to focus on higher-value tasks.
Use your organization's R&D contents
Internal research reports and project documentation often end up in data silos. With Mergeflow hosted solutions, you can include all these contents into your tech discovery and exploration workflows.
Learn more
Custom agents for developing new business opportunities
We build custom AI agents that help you identify and develop new business opportunities, do the research on what already exists elsewhere, and model your team's decision and evaluation workflows.
Learn more
Ready to get started?
Explore worldwide R&D and business topics, ideas and ventures from across the web, using natural language.
Sign up for a 14-day trial
Free for 14 days. No credit card required.
Mergeflow
Enterprise AI for the tech industry.
Twitter or X
Linkedin
Products
Spark
Custom Agents
Hosted Solutions
Pricing
Company
About
Blog
Contact
Copyright © 2024 Mergeflow. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy   Cookie Policy   Terms & Conditions   Your Privacy Choices
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for experience and marketing (personalized ads) as specified in the cookie policy.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button to continue without accepting.
Experience
Marketing
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all