Upcoming Events
5/21/2024
Cappies Gala
The Cappies is the high school version of the Tony Awards and the Paladin Players and their parents are invited to attend the gala to be hel...
Event Details
7pm - 10pm
Broward Center For the Performing Arts
5/29/2024
Drama Awards Banquet
The annual Paladin Player end of year celebration!
6:30pm - 11:00pm
Jacaranda Country Club
6/24/2024
Summer Camp Auditions
The first day of the Summer Theater Camp is also the day that auditions will be held.  We hope to see you there!

Need more information?  Clic...
Event Details
9am - 4pm
The Paladin Playhouse
The Friends of the Theater Summer Theater Camp
We're putting the band back together
Director Jason Zembuch Young, Choreographer Ron Hutchins and Vocal Director Chris Santanelli are reuniting to bring together our 2024 summer theater camp.  
If you have children ages 7-13 this is their opportunity to experience the thrill and excitement of the performing arts.

No other summer camp offers the comprehensive curriculum (and FUN!) that The Paladin Playhouse Summer Theatre Camp offers so sign up early while slots are still open!

Click here for more information!



Go directly to the camp application
Click here to access the online camp application!  

We look forward to seeing you at auditions!
2024 Scholarship Applications
Download PDF
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Sign up to hear about upcoming shows, Paladin news, alumni updates and volunteer opportunities.
Email
SIGN UP
Text Notifications
Now you can receive text reminders of upcoming meetings,sudden schedule changes and emergency needs.  

To receive Remind text messages,  type @fottmtg in the message field and send it to 81010.

You will receive immediate confirmation that you are added to the text list.  
Social
Contact Us
Drop us a line
Name*
Email*
Sign up for our email list for updates, promotions, and more.
SEND
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
OUR DIRECTORABOUT THE PROGRAMHOW YOU CAN HELPABOUT THE FOTTFOTT-TVJASON ZEMBUCH-YOUNG STAGE
SPHS Friends of the Theater
South Plantation High School, 1300 SW 54 Avenue, Plantation, FL 33317
(754) 323-1950
Copyright © 2019 SPHS Friends of the Theater - All Rights Reserved.  
All theater production photos by Ms. Tina Oda
Website created by DJDean / I-D-Media