MECHANICAL & ELECTRICAL CONTRACTORS
Electrical
Air-conditioning
Ventilation & Heating
Data Networks
Building Projects
News Feed
⚡️ MAINS ELECTRICAL SUPPLY ⚡️
MSE are supporting one of our clients and getting them ready for a state of the art, 15 million pound automated pick and pack system! Our in-house design team have pulled together all elements ahead of our teams site install, including new mains panels, containment, and sub-mains. Get in touch today for your free, no […]
Read more
🏥 HOSPITAL PROJECT 🏥
We’ve started refurbishment works in the X-RAY area at a Midlands hospital. Working alongside the main contractor, GTH Construction, we have begun to install a brand new smart dimmable lighting system along with enabling works for their incoming scanner. HVAC adaptation works have also been completed along with the MEGAN panel move. Keep your eyes […]
Read more
🚧 SAFETY BARRIERS 🚧
We have completed a new installation of safety barriers at a distribution warehouse in Leicestershire. The safety barriers are to prevent any material handling equipment (MHE) coming into contact with site personnel and essential equipment. If you have any requirements for the above or any of our other services, please contact us today! 📞 01527 […]
Read more
DATA CABLE INSTALLATION
MSE have completed a new data installation at a dental accessories manufacturing facility. CAT 6A data network cables have been installed and commissioned to BSEN 50173 Standards for their new state of the art machinery and manufacturing line. Get in touch today for your free, no obligation quotation. 📞 01527 582 730 📧 sales@mse-uk.com
Read more
❄️☀️ AIR CONDITIONING INSTALLATION ☀️❄️
Brand new air conditioning installation completed in Redditch. We’ve installed 13 brand new units at a site in Redditch. Which comprise of a mixture of wall mounted and cassette units All complete with remote and wall controls to maintain different temperatures in different rooms. All outdoor units, electrical connections and commissioning have been completed with […]
Read more
👷‍♂️PROJECT UPDATE 👷‍♂️
We’ve been tasked with setting out and installing new foundation piers for a new classroom at a school in Birmingham. Two cabins have been dropped and ready for us to complete the installation. Foundations, Electrical Connections, Water Feed and all enabling builders work will be completed. ✅ FUN FACT ✅ The crane used to drop […]
Read more
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Electrical
MSE provide electrical services in Birmingham, the Midlands, and surrounding areas for commercial and industrial premises.
READ MORE
Air Conditioning
With access to the best products, we install, service and maintain air conditioning units, providing the most energy efficient heating and ventilation systems.
READ MORE
Data
We design and install data infrastructure, linking systems for faster communication and providing wireless links, fibre optics, CATS and CAT6 cabling.
READ MORE
Building Maintenance
MSE offer a full range of building installation and maintenance services across the mechanical, electrical and data sectors.
READ MORE
Our Company Overview
MSE is an electrical contractor based near Birmingham. We can provide a range of building installation and maintenance services across mechanical, electrical and data sectors. We pride ourselves on being flexible in our approach in understanding our clients needs, objectives and working with them to provide quality and value for money. While we are based near Birmingham we can provide electrical services nationwide.
Quality and Workmanship
We have ISO 9001 accreditation and provide full certification on completion of all works. Across a broad range of disciplines and product areas, we work to high levels of quality and workmanship.
Project Management
Our clients deal with one point of contact who oversees the project from start to finish. We can bring in electrical and building expertise where required and complete the project on time, within budget and with the minimum of disruption.
Investment in Training
Our engineers are trained to the very highest standards and have the most relevant qualifications for their trade. They are also CRB and security checked and fully conversant with health and safety requirements.
An Eye On the Environment
As Daikin D1 Partners, we supply and install the latest air conditioning and ventilation equipment. These are market leading products that comply fully with environmental legislation.
Latest Work
MSE provides specialist mechanical and electrical services in Birmingham and surrounding areas for commercial and industrial premises of all sizes. We carry out a wide spectrum of projects for various clients in a variety of industries some of which are detailed here.
Design, Supply, and Installation of a 500Kva Generator
Telecommunications Giant’s Training Centre
Electrical Vehicle Chargers
Our Clients
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Our Awards and Accreditations
MSE are a midlands based building services company and have over 35 years experience in the commercial and industrial environment working with a broad range of clients.
Electrical Services
Air Conditioning
Network Cable Installation
Latest News
⚡️ MAINS ELECTRICAL SUPPLY ⚡️
Posted 7 Jun 2023
By Amy Whyley
🏥 HOSPITAL PROJECT 🏥
Posted 28 Apr 2023
By Amy Whyley
🚧 SAFETY BARRIERS 🚧
Posted 25 Apr 2023
By Amy Whyley
Contact Information
MS Electrical Engineers & Contractors Ltd
Bridge House, 26 Hewell Rd
Redditch
Worcestershire
B97 6AN.
01527 582730

sales@mse-uk.com
Find us on
All rights reserved.
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie Information