Main Menu
We Pay. We Collect. We Scrap.
If you have a scrap car that's taking up drive space, call us today on  07870 558110
Looking to sell your scrap car in Cardiff?
We'll collect free of charge and give you the best price around. We are a highly professional motor vehicle and scrap metal dealer serving our clients across all areas of South Wales.
We can collect scrap cars in any condition including MOT failures, abandoned cars and damaged vehicles as well as scrap metals (Ferrous and Non-Ferrous Metals) from all areas of South Wales including Cardiff, Penarth, Barry, Dinas Powys, Newport, Swansea, Caerphilly, Pontypridd, Bargoed, Hengoed, Merthyr Tydfil, Bridgend as well as other areas like Carmarthen, Bristol and Chepstow etc.
We pride ourselves on providing a prompt, polite service to individuals, and to organizations of any size.
Webuyyourscrapcars.com offers high prices for all vehicles such as Cars, Vans, Motorcycles, and other small vehicles and we collect vehicles daily around Cardiff and its surrounding areas.  Don't scrap your car before calling us for the highest price.
We provide a 'Certificate of Destruction' with all scrapped vehicles. We also have a passion for scrap metals in all forms. We're known for paying the HIGHEST PRICES for all the scrap metals in the industry.
We Purchase Catalytic Converters
We buy and collect Ferrous scraps e.g Iron, Cast Iron, Steel, Scrap Vehicles etc and Non-Ferrous Scrap e.g copper, brass, aluminum etc from customers who generate waste metal throughout South Wales.
If you have a scrap car (vehicle salvage) or are thinking about using a car disposal service then why not contact us right away and we will process your vehicle and documents in accordance with the ELV government guidelines. This means that all the car salvage that comes into our car salvage yards follow strict safety and environmental guidelines. We are committed to running an environmentally friendly car salvage yards.
For More Information about our Scrap Metal Service, please click here
 Fill out a quote form to get a price for your car here - Alternatively call today on 07870558110 for your free, no-obligation scrap car or used vehicle part quote!
             Recent Reviews - See what our customers say about us
Would use again
"10/10... my neighbours complained about my trusty KA being an eyesore in the close so needed it gone super fast, explained this and they came and picked it up within the hour and gave me £80, really happy"
Ashleigh Thomas Cardiff -  Company Owner
 Areas We Cover
Cardiff
Newport
Cwmbran
Vale of Glamorgan
Caerphilly
Trusted, Local Company

4.6 / 5.0

49 customer reviews
LEAVE A REVIEW
Contact us
Address: Old St Mellons, Cardiff, CF32WH
Tel: 07870 558110
Email
Useful links...
FAQs
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Cookies
Contact
Copyright © 2020 We Buy Your Scrap Cars. All Right Reserved
Website by Cardiff Web Services

By visiting our website you agree that we are using cookies to ensure you to get the best experience.
Accept
Decline
Read more