Listen Live
Hog Wild Summer
Next Time On Rumble
Monday – Bargains, bargains, bargains…Craigslist. Plus, you shouldn’t swallow THAT. And, “Am I the Jerk here?”
In Case You Missed It...
You are never too old to Breastfeed
Dentist pushes tooth implant into the patient’s brain
There, I Said It!
Events
Queens Of The Stone Age: The End is Nero w/ Royal Blood
FM99 Presents Lacuna Coil: Ignite the Fire Tour w/ New Years Day, Oceans of Slumber
FM99 Presents Mammoth WVH: The Mammoth II Tour w/ Intervals
FM99 Presents Avatar: The Great Metal Circus w/ Conquer Divide, Oxymorrons
FM99 Presents Wage War + Nothing More w/ Veil of Maya, Sleep Theory
Rock Girl
Hanging out with Previous FM99 Rock Girls
Asking Alexandria Interview
Rock Climbing
Photo Shoot with the Blue Burst 2024 Street Glide
News
2 days ago in Lifestyle
US loosens some electric vehicle battery rules, potentially making more EVs eligible for tax credits
The U.S. government has loosened some rules governing electric vehicle tax credits a bit, potentially making more EVs eligible for credits of up to $7,500.
4 days ago in Lifestyle
Pregnancy-related deaths have fallen to pre-pandemic levels, new US data says
About 680 women died last year during pregnancy or shortly after childbirth, according to provisional CDC data. That's down from 817 deaths in 2022 and 1,205 in 2021, when it was the highest level in more than 50 years.
4 days ago in Lifestyle
One Tech Tip: How to repair an electric toothbrush
Toothbrushes used to be simple, powered only by your hand so they never broke down. Nowadays, rechargeable electric toothbrushes are increasingly popular because they make brushing easier and more effective, but they are a headache when they stop working properly.
4 days ago in National, Trending
Violence erupts on campuses as protesters and counter-protesters clash over the war in Gaza
Counter-protesters "forcefully" attacked a pro-Palestinian encampment at UCLA early Wednesday, the university's chancellor said, and activists clashed with police officers who destroyed their tents at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, part of a series of escalating violence on some college campuses over the war in Gaza.
5 days ago in Lifestyle
Mammograms should start at 40 to address rising breast cancer rates at younger ages, panel says
Regular mammograms to screen for breast cancer should start younger, at age 40, according to an influential U.S. task force. Women ages 40 to 74 should get screened every other year, the group said.
5 days ago in National, Trending
US poised to ease restrictions on marijuana in historic shift, but it’ll remain controlled substance
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration will move to reclassify marijuana as a less dangerous drug, The Associated Press has learned, a historic shift to generations of American drug policy that could have wide ripple effects across the country.
5 days ago in National, Trending
Columbia University vows to expel protesters as Israel-Hamas war demonstrations, arrests rise in US
Columbia University vowed to expel protesters who occupied a building on the New York college's grounds Tuesday as universities nationwide grapple with intensifying campus demonstrations against the Israel-Hamas war.
Now Playing
Pet of the Day
What's Happening
Online Beer Festival
Welcome to the Hampton Roads Beer Festival! Choose from your favorite local breweries.
Military Hero of the Week
Congratulations to the latest Military Hero of the Week. Nominate someone you know who serves to be the next Military Hero of the Week.
Win Mammoth WVH Tickets
FM99 Presents Mammoth WVH at The NorVa on May 8 and you could be there for free!
Win Avatar Tickets
FM99 Presents Avatar: The Great Metal Circus at The NorVa on May 11 and you could be there for free!
Hog Wild Summer
You have the chance to qualify to win “Low Rider S” from Bayside Harley-Davidson!
Your Vote Matters
In our democracy, your vote matters.  It makes our community and country stronger.  So make your voice heard.  Get registered.
Weather Forecast
Norfolk, VA
69°
May 5
Sunday
WNOR FM99 Copyright 2024 Saga Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.
EEO Report | FCC Public File | FCC Applications For assistance accessing public files, contact pfhelp@tciradio.com
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Data Access Request | Contests & Rules
Non-Discriminatory Advertising Letter | Advisory Public Notice - Non-Discriminatory Ad Contracts
Some images copyright AP, Clipart.com