FIRST
We provide our clients with only excellent service. Whether it means taking the extra time and effort to find the very best candidate or finding a temporary at the very last moment, we are committed to service.
SECOND
We provide clients with only highly qualified candidates. To achieve this principle, we always evaluate, interview, test, and check references for all of our candidates.
THIRD
We provide our candidates with respect, honesty and integrity. We always strive to make the placement a win-win situation for both the candidate and their prospective employer.
“Our reputation was built on providing the best staffing and recruiting services to companies and candidates in Atlanta, GA.”
“Our team sincerely cares about helping companies find exceptional talent and helping candidates find rewarding jobs.”
"We greatly value the services Perfect Search has performed for Wachovia Insurance Services, A Wells Fargo Company, in the past fourteen years. You consistently sent professional and skilled people, accurately accessing the candidates, for both permanent and temporary positions. Perfect Search knows our corporate environment and standards and provides people who match! It is interesting to note at performance review time each year, many of our star performers are Perfect Search referrals."
LESLIE TART
Vice President, Wells Fargo
"You and your staff consistently find high quality candidates that keeps Korn Ferry on the cutting edge of talent, resulting in a very positive public image for our firm. The time you have invested in learning our business has been key in attracting the caliber of executive support needed to run our business. The candidates presented have the level of experience and the capability to perform well in this role, which cannot easily be found when recruiting online. Additionally, the relationship we have established has allowed you to hone in and identify quality talent that works with our firm and culture."
RACHEL RAMSEY
Administrative Office Manager, Korn Ferry
© 2023 PERFECT SEARCH INC | Web Design & Digital Marketing by: the107group | Pfaff Digital