The Search is On...
Your Local, Full-Service Real Estate Company
Voted Best in the Iowa City Corridor
Buying or selling a home? Looking for commercial real estate?
You’ve found your people—we’re a little Urban, a little Acres, and a lot of fun!
Urban Acres is the first and only member-owned real estate firm in the area. Our knowledgeable, talented, innovative, and team-oriented REALTORS® and professionals listen to your needs to deliver a customized, full-service experience from conception to closing.
LEARN MORE
Our Newest Listings


NEW LISTING
3 beds, 3 bath
SqFt : 2,040
$415,000
72 Huntington Dr, Iowa City, Iowa 52245
NEW LISTING
3 beds, 2 bath
SqFt : 3,634
$850,000
3267 150th St, Riverside, Iowa 52327






















Download Our Home Search App
Get access to the most up-to-date listings on the market in the Iowa City-Cedar Rapids Corridor, even on the go. Download the Urban Acres Home Search app and start your home search!
Why Work with the #1 Iowa City Real Estate Agency
Set your expectations high—and then raise the bar even higher. That’s what you can expect working with our team.
The Firepower You Need
No matter the state of the market, our agents always bring their A-game so you can land your dream home, commercial space, or investment property, or get the most out of your investment during a sale.
Your Community Insiders
We’re the people you see in line at the grocery store, cruising the local bike trails, volunteering at an event, or dining at your favorite local restaurant. We live, work, and play here—and we take a ton of pride in our communities.
The Right Connections
Need a lender, developer, inspector, or stager? A trusted mechanic? We’re always prepared to recommend a great professional we’d refer to our family or friends in a heartbeat, and our list of trusted partners is always growing.
The Numbers Don’t Lie
We’re proud to be #1 in the market, and we have a proven track record for selling homes. It helps when you have a seasoned group of agents with decades of experience.
6
Years in a Row
8
Years in a Row
2
Years in a Row
2
Years in a Row
Featured Blog Posts
BUYING A HOME
How to Prepare for A Move
Preparing for a move and don’t know where to start? We’ll give you a hint—START HERE!
BUYING A HOME
March Home Madness is Back!
Two things heating up in March? College basketball and the spring real estate market!
HOME FINANCING
How to Take Advantage of Your Home Equity
Have you been wondering how to use your home equity for home improvement projects or other expenses? Here’s everything you need to know about home equity loans!
Follow Us on Instagram
Load More
Follow on Instagram
Become a Local Real Estate Market Insider
Want exclusive market insights, buying and selling tips, and updates on the latest community events? Sign up for our newsletter!
We promise we won’t blow up your inbox, and we’ll keep our communications short and useful.
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Location
250 Holiday Rd
Coralville, IA 52241
Licensed to sell real estate in the state of Iowa
Contact Us
Phone: 319.351.1111
Fax: 319.351.2099
info@urbanacres.com
Discover More
Search Listings
About
Find an Agent
Commercial
Blog
Want the inside scoop?
Become an Urban Acres insider, for insights, tips, community events, and giveaways right to your inbox.
SUBSCRIBE NOW
© 2024 Urban Acres Real Estate | Privacy Policy | All Rights Reserved. Designed and Developed by Meld Marketing / Creative Mellen