This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline
  Call our helpline
0330 555 4017
Free Quote
Menu
Monitor, maintain and identify proactive solutions to commercial clients
We unblock, clean, clear, repair, and solve drainage problems
Contact Us Now
Insurance
We provide a market-leading service for insurers and their policy holders in relation to drainage blockages, leaks and repair claims.
Find out more
Domestic
We provide an effective response to all household drainage problems including unblocking, cleaning and scheduled cleaning maintenance.
Find out more
Commercial
We deliver consistent quality and value across our full range of services to customers in a broad cross section of industries.
Find out more
Water Supply
We undertake all type of water supply repairs, whether it be a patch repair on a small leak or a full replacement of the water supply at your property.
Find out more
“I am grateful to ANSA for resolving the issue with minimal disruption and in a timely manner.”
Read more testimonials
Service when it matters most
As drain specialists, we pride ourselves on offering our customers a national service with the care of local expertise through a team of trained experts. ANSA is a strong heritage brand, with over 20 years expertise across the domestic and commercial markets. Today, we are one of the biggest providers of outsourced surveys, reporting and repair services to UK insurers.
Our commitment to delivering the very highest levels of service and repair is matched only by our commitment to reducing the impact of our activities on the environment. We actively seek viable ways to reduce our environmental impact.
Find out more
We unblock, clean, clear, repair, and solve drainage problems
Get a Free Quote
We are commited to reducing the impact of our activities on the environment
Lowering CO2 emissions
All of our commercial vehicles are fitted with speed limiters that restrict speed. These have reduced our CO2 emissions by 12%.
Recycling rate
We have a recycle rate for onsite waste of 94% which has significantly reduced the amount of excavated material going to landfill.
The Benefits
We re-use as much excavated material on site to minimise waste and our Head Office recycle paper, plastic, glass and cardboard.
What We Do
Commercial
Domestic
Insurance
Water Supply
Company
About Us
What Our Clients Say
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
  0330 555 4017
  claims@ansaltd.com
Ansa UK Limited
Incorporated in England – Registered No: 03545210
Registered address: East Building, Cable Drive, Walsall, WS2 7BN
Ansa UK Limited are part of CET Structures Ltd. All content is copyright ©2022 CET Structures Ltd.