We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
+44 (0)207 208 2900
info@depinna.co.uk
Register of Overseas Entities
Agents for Service of Process
Translation Service
Legalisation & Apostille
Our multilingual specialists are London’s leading experts in notarial services
ABOUT US
WHY DE PINNA
When you need your documents notarised, translated and legalised quickly, efficiently and securely, De Pinna is your trusted partner. Our London notary offices have the largest team of multilingual specialist notaries in England and Wales, we have delivered notarial services of the highest standards to over 3,000 clients internationally. We are the first and only firm of notaries in our jurisdiction accredited with ISO 27001, the international standard for information security management.
ABOUT
CORPORATE
We handle a range of documents for corporate clients including power of attorney, shareholder resolutions, transaction documents, deeds of ratification and commercial registry extracts.
INDIVIDUALS
We offer a range of services for your personal needs, including birth, marriage and death certificates, powers of attorney, passports and statutory declarations and affidavits.
Our Services
LEGALISATION & APOSTILLE
Our team will work with you to ensure your documents can be legalised as quickly as possible, whether in hard copy or by e-Apostille.
TRANSLATIONS
Our in-house team of multilingual notaries are adept at taking on complex translation projects of any size or scale with accuracy, confidence and exceptional quality.
REGISTER OF OVERSEAS ENTITIES
We provide a comprehensive Register of Overseas Entities verification agent service.
PROCESS AGENTS
We are a dedicated team offering an efficient and flexible service to clients requiring the appointment of an agent for service of process.
LOCATED IN THE WEST END AND THE CITY OF LONDON
Our London offices are in the heart of the West End, as well as in the City of London.


Southwest House,
11a Regent Street St. James's
London SW1Y 4LR
Birchin Court, 20 Birchin Lane
London EC3V 9DU

Specialist departments dedicated to countries and juristictions across Europe and Latin America
LEARN MORE
Your documents are in the safest pair of hands when you partner with one of De Pinna's London notaries
+44 (0)207 208 2900
info@depinna.co.uk
© 2022 De Pinna. All rights reserved.
Design and build - Digital360.mobi
Contact
Legal & Regulatory
Terms of business
Privacy notice
Website terms of use
Certificate No: IS 643702