Refreshes in: 00:00
Invest in physical gold at the fairest price.
Get the best price on gold every time through our multi-dealer marketplace. Buy gold that legally belongs to you and is stored in secure vaults.
Bringing trust to gold.
We know levels of trust in gold dealers and gold quality are low. For that reason, we restrict access to our marketplace to gold dealers who can comply with our stringent quality standards. Furthermore, the gold you buy is only ever 999.5 investment-grade gold bullion and it's stored securely in professional vaults.
Maximise your returns.
Multiple dealers get you the best prices on every trade.
Physical gold is the ultimate store of wealth.
Gold stands the test of time. It’s immune to inflation, financial and banking risks. It shines in uncertain times and is one of the safest ways to invest and build your wealth over time.
Centuries of consistency
Gold has consistently provided long-term protection for people’s savings all over the world. Historically it holds its value through financial crises and political upheaval. And unlike digital assets, it can’t be erased or hacked.
Exploding demand
Global investment demand for gold has grown an average of 18% per year since 2000. There’s something smart investors know; it’s time.
Permanently scarce
Gold can’t be printed at will and its prices are not dictated by governments or central banks. Its value is universally accepted and will always have practical industrial uses.
Flexibility and ease
We make gold investments flexible and simple to use: physical gold is stored in secure international vaults and can be easily converted to cash whenever you want.
Deep liquidity
The amount of ‘over-the-counter’ trading for physical gold and gold-backed products is now over US$200 billion a day. That’s a lot of gold.
Making headlines
As the world is becoming more turbulent, both economically and politically, the interest in gold has gone through the roof. As the original precious metal and store of wealth, gold is making a comeback.
The first gold marketplace for retail investors.
Goldex's mission is to reinvent gold investing for retail customers. You'll always get the best price on gold thanks to our marketplace of global dealers who trade 24/7.
Best price every time
Our state-of-the-art trading technology finds you the best price from our trusted dealers. So, whether you’re buying a milligram or a tonne, you’re getting more gold for your money.
Peace of mind
You legally own the gold you buy. It's only ever 999.5 investment-grade gold. We also have the highest encryption standards and cybersecurity technology.
Buy wherever, whenever
Access the marketplace 24/7 via our mobile app. Goldex is like having your own personal, virtual gold exchange.
Transparency on trades
Check market prices in real-time and how much gold you can buy or sell. We show you every aspect of your order including execution price and commission, so you know exactly what you get.
Trade recommendations
When buying gold, it's hard to know where to begin. We provide deliver you actionable trade recommendations in the app. Stay on top of market trends and use our price charts – it’s all at your fingertips.
Safer trading experience
Our dealers are strictly vetted and we do not inflate the price you pay. We’re only interested in treating you fairly and giving you the best investing experience,
The first to embrace the World Gold Council’s Investment Principles.
With the sole aim of increasing retail investors’ trust in the gold industry, 'The 7 Retail Gold Investment Principles' are designed to raise the bar and encourage best practices amongst gold providers across the market
1. Fairness and integrity
A provider must treat customers fairly and act with integrity, from information and service provision through to transaction completion.
Learn more
Learn to invest in gold with the Goldex Academy.
Access our dedicated vault of expert-backed content for everything you need to know to begin your gold investing journey.
Education for all levels of experience: beginner, intermediate and advanced.
Enhance your knowledge & learn how to successfully invest in physical gold.
You can start by downloading our Gold Guide here
Learn more
Invest big or small. Our terms are simple.
Here are our fees.
You don’t need to be a millionaire to buy gold. Start small. Stay cautious. Or be bolder. It’s up to you. At Goldex, there’s no minimum investment.
We have one simple trading commission (for buys and sells): 0.75%. Our smart trading technology works seamlessly to bring you savings on the gold price.
World-class vaulting and insurance come at a small cost: 0.02% per month (with a £3.75 minimum). Nothing’s more important than keeping your gold safe.
We charge a small processing fee of £5 for every withdrawal, which is applied as a fixed fee and not a percentage of your total redeemed funds.
Gold investments made smart.
Join the rush.
Customer Support Mon-Fri, 9am-5pm BST
Created with Sketch.
support@goldexapp.com
Created with Sketch.
+44 (0) 203 287 2878
Follow us:
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
                    English (United Kingdom)
                   Goldex Technologies Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales under company number 09249940 and with registered office at 60 Gracechurch Street, London EC3V 0HR, United Kingdom.
  Copyright © 2021 Goldex Technologies Ltd.
  Privacy and Cookies policy    Terms and Conditions
Get the app