Skip to content
Home
About Us
Servicing
Prices
New Bikes
Used Bikes
Findhorn Bike Hire
FAQ
Contact
Home
About Us
Servicing
Prices
New Bikes
Used Bikes
Bike Hire
FAQ
Contact
Mobile Servicing and Repairs
Book an Appointment
We are a van based mobile cycle repair service covering Nairn and Moray. We can come to your home or work to save you the hassle of getting your bike to a shop. Fully equipped to carry out everything from a puncture repair to routine servicing, or even a full rebuild. We carry a comprehensive range of spare parts in stock to ensure your bike is back on the road as quickly as possible.
Please click the “Book an Appointment” button to book online if possible and make use of the notes section for any relevant info. For other queries, it is probably best to email me at fixme@bikespokes.co.uk and I will get back to you when I can as during the day I am often unable to answer telephone calls.
WHAT IS BIKESPOKES?
We are a van based mobile cycle repair service covering predominantly Moray and Nairnshire.
We can come to your home or work to save you the hassle of getting your bike to a shop.
There is NO CALL OUT FEE for servicing within 25 miles of Forres but we are happy to go further if required.
Fully equipped to carry out everything from a puncture repair to routine servicing, or even a full rebuild.
We carry a comprehensive range of spare parts in stock to ensure your bike is back on the road as quickly as possible.
City & Guilds qualified Cycle Mechanic and member of Cycle Tech UK - the National Network of Mobile Bicycle Repair Specialists.
WHY BIKESPOKES?
Convenient - we come to your home or work at a time that suits you so you don’t have the hassle of transporting your bike to the nearest shop. We understand that with busy lives today it is not easy to find the time to do this......and pick it up again afterwards! You can book online and we accept card payments too.
Quick – Because most of our work is carried out on the spot, your time without your bike is much less than if you left it at your local shop for a week.
Great Value – as we don’t have the overheads of a traditional bricks and mortar shop, we can pass on those savings to you.
Quality Service – you will meet and be speaking directly with the mechanic who will be working on your bike to discuss any issues or problems you may have.
Peace of Mind – You can relax knowing that your beloved bicycle is in safe hands as it will be worked on by a bike-loving mechanic who will treat it as if it were their own
WHAT ELSE?
We are proud to offer Hikobike Electric Bikes, all the way from New Zealand as well as being agents for the popular Volt and Batribike brands.
Bikespokes is a fully certified Bosch eBike Service Centre. This means we can support you with all your eBike needs whether you are looking for Software Updates, Diagnostics Report, Spare Parts, Warranty Claim or simply a Service. To find out more about our Bosch eBike services Click here.
We can supply New Bikes and occasionally some Used Bikes as well as a wide range of Parts and Accessories. We keep a comprehensive range of everyday spares in the van and have access to a huge selection available to order. So whether you need an inner tube or a child seat, just ask!
At bikespokes, we have a small range of Hardtail Mountain Bikes available for rental in various sizes suitable for adults and children. These are available on a Click & Collect basis only from Findhorn Bay Holiday Park. Click the logo to book our bike hire.
Member Of Cycle Tech UK. The UK’s Largest Network Of Independent Mobile Bicycle Repair specialists. Est 2007.
Also find us at  www.cycletechuk.co.uk and Cycle Tech Connect
© The Cycle Tech UK Trade Mark and Logo is copyright of Cycle Tech UK Ltd, 2021. All rights reserved.
© 2024 Bikespokes