Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
PAYMENT PORTAL
CALL NOW











A professional IT company
with a personal touch.
Discover why more companies rely on TechMD
as a trusted IT company and an extension
of their core team.
LEARN MORE




















Welcome to IT built around you.
Award winning TECHMD® IT services is dedicated to bringing enterprise-level productivity, scalability and cybersecurity readiness to small to medium size companies nationwide.
Managed IT Services
Achieve and maintain peak efficiency with advanced automation tools, dedicated project management, detailed technology planning, and much more.
LEARN MORE
Managed Cybersecurity
Stay ahead of ongoing threats with programs designed to address your current risk exposure, and efficiently adapt as business and compliance requirements change.
LEARN MORE
Modern Office
Transform productivity and efficiency with customized cloud environments tailored to the way your teams work, and the robust security your data demands.
LEARN MORE
IT Consulting
Receive expert guidance from professionals able to set clear expectations, focus on core objectives, and deliver targeted recommendations to maximize value with minimal disruption.
LEARN MORE
We're tech experts.
For over 30 years, TechMD has worked alongside clients nationwide to develop solutions to meet all of their technology and telecommunications needs.
CONTACT US
Our IT company is recognized for creating positive impact for our clients, community, and people.
We take pride in our numbers.
26
YEARS IN BUSINESS
98.02%
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
49,943
SYSTEMS UNDER MANAGEMENT
Real client reviews.
"TechMD is responsive and knowledgeable. They take the time needed for complete problem resolution and have good communication throughout the process."
- Becky at a leading restaurant group in California
Latest tech insights and intelligence.
Best PDF Editors: Our Top 3 Choices
Discover the perfect PDF editor for your budget and workflow. In our latest video, we break down our top contenders: Adobe Acrobat Pro, Nitro PDF ...
READ MORE →
Anatomy of a Breach: Part 1 – The First Few Hours
What are those first few hours following a cybersecurity breach really like? The cybersecurity experts at 1nteger take you inside the aftermath – from the ...
READ MORE →
How Does the FTC’s Amended Safeguards Rule Affect Your Business?
Safeguarding sensitive information is critical for businesses entrusted with handling customer data. In October 2023, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) made significant amendments to its ...
READ MORE →
Your business is our priority!
Partnering with a strategic IT company, such as TechMD, enables your organization to gain a competitive advantage by focusing on your core business goals and delivering dependable solutions, optimized to meet your needs. Reach out today to schedule a meeting, and discover how we deliver the best solutions possible.
BOOK A CONSULTATION
Why TechMD
About Us
Meet Our Team
Client Reviews
TechMD Cares
IT Services
Managed IT Services
Managed Cybersecurity
Modern Office
IT Consulting
Managed Print
Unified Communications
Resources
Insights
eBooks & Whitepapers
Webinars
Events
Contact Us
General Inquiries
Tech Support
Service Coverage
Schedule a Consultation
Payment Portal
Join Our Team
1-844-TechMD-4
info@techmd.com
Proudly serving clients nationwide, including:
Orange County | Los Angeles | Endicott | Syracuse | Ithaca | Boston | Auburn | Ocean City
Never miss a post! Sign up for our newsletter & have news delivered to your inbox.
© 2024 TECHMD | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED