DESTINATIONS
REVIEWS
CONTACT US
Call Today until 5pm
0113 262 5329
»
Tailormade South America Holidays
Family Holidays
Check out our South America family holidays
Incas & Iguanas
Machu Picchu and the Galapagos from £3395pp
Coming Soon:
May 21-22, La Paz
Fiesta Gran Poder
Take me to: 
            
Argentina
            Bolivia
            Brazil
            Chile
            Colombia
            Costa Rica
            Ecuador
            Peru
            -- Destinations --
            Machu Picchu
            Patagonia
            Iguazu Falls
            Amazon Rainforest
            Galapagos Islands
            -- Types of Holiday --
            Honeymoons
            Self-Drive Holidays
            Family Holidays
            Bargain Holidays
            Trekking
         Go
Top 2023 Holidays
Classic Inca Trail
Trek the Inca Trail for £1795pp
This 10-day Peru holiday has the classic Inca Trail trek to Machu Picchu at its heart, but with plenty more besides ...
Andean Cross
Holidays in Patagonia for £2695pp
Criss-cross Patagonia as you hop between Argentina and Chile on one of our favourite holidays to Patagonia ...
Welcome to RealWorld Holidays
We are the UK's specialist provider of tailormade holidays in South America, from the ancient Inca mysteries of Peru and the stunning wildlife of Ecuador's Galapagos Islands to the breathtaking scenery of Patagonia and buzzing modern city-life in Rio and Buenos Aires.
We know and love every inch of South America and we want to help you fall in love with it too, by helping you plan a truly unforgettable holiday in South America.
All our holidays are 100% tailormade so although we have lots of suggested itineraries, everything is planned just for you - no minimum numbers, no fixed departures, just guaranteed personal attention for the whole of your holiday in South America.
We provide truly Personal Service so we are here to help you every step of the way
We offer the Expert Advice you need to plan the perfect South America holidays in 2023/24
We are based in the UK and fully ATOL bonded for your financial security
99% of Previous Customers Recommend Us
South America Holidays for 2020/21
Every country in South America has something different to offer, so have a look at each of our destinations to see what you could make part of your holiday to South America. But remember, everything we do is 100% tailor-made so we can combine aspects from any of our holidays in South America to give you the exact itinerary you're looking for.
Peru Holidays
Peru is the most popular destination of all our South America holidays, and it's not hard to see why. Breathtaking lost Inca cities like Machu Picchu, the natural beauty of Colca Canyon and the Cordillera Blanca, and the amazing wildlife of the Amazon, Peru has it all. And that's before we even start on the amazing food...
Coming Up: Inti Raymi, Cusco (24 June)
Our Top Pick: 14-day Andes to Amazon
Chile Holidays
Chile is a country of huge contrasts, from the snow-capped peaks of Torres del Paine and icy fjords of Patagonia to the arid moonscapes of the Atacama Desert. Add in the beautiful Lake District, the mysteries of Easter Island and culture-packed cities like Santiago and Valparaiso and you can see why holidays to Chile are a real winner...
Coming Up: Fiesta de La Tirana, La Tirana (16 July)
Our Top Pick: 16-day Enchanting Chile
Argentina Holidays
Argentina has just about everything you could want in a holiday. Marvel at some of the world's most stunning scenery, including the beautiful mountains of Patagonia and the spectacle of the Iguazu Falls; experience the culture and colour of fabulous Buenos Aires and enjoy some of the best food and wine in the world...
Coming Up: Tango Festival, Buenos Aires (03 August)
Our Top Pick: 10-day Tango Classic
Brazil Holidays
Whether you're wanting to relax on beautiful tropical beaches or party at the Rio Carnival, marvel at natural spectacles like Iguazu Falls and the Chapada Diamantina or get close to the amazing wildlife of the Pantanal wetlands and the Amazon rainforest, holidays to South America's biggest country are guaranteed to please...
Coming Up: São João Festival, Caruaru (24 June)
Our Top Pick: 12-day Samba Special
Bolivia Holidays
If you're looking for the real South America, look no further. At the same time one of the most challenging and most rewarding places to tour in South America, Bolivia is a unique and beautiful place to visit, from the still waters of Lake Titicaca to the otherworldly landscapes of the Salar de Uyuni salt flats.
Coming Up: Fiesta Gran Poder, La Paz (21 May)
Our Top Pick: 16-day Gran Boliviano
Ecuador Holidays
Considering it's one of South America's smallest countries, it's amazing what you can pack into holidays to Ecuador. Explore the Amazon jungle, climb some of the continent's most impressive mountains, or take the infamous railway journey down the Devil's Nose... And that's all before your cruise to the Galapagos Islands...
Coming Up: Inti Raymi Ecuador, Otavalo (24 June)
Our Top Pick: 12-day Andean Explorer
Colombia Holidays
Could this be the most exciting destination in South America? Colombia has arguably the continent's best beaches, and everything from Amazon jungle to snow-capped mountains besides. Trek to lost prehistoric cities and kick back in picture-postcard colonial towns: you'll find that holidays in Colombia really do have it all...
Coming Up: Flower Festival, Medellin (01 August)
Our Top Pick: 14-day Colombia Highlights
Multi-Country
Of course, there's no reason at all to restrict your tour of South America to just a single country. Many of our holidays combine two or more countries, whether it's visiting both Chilean and Argentina Patagonia, or combining a tour of Machu Picchu with a cruise to the fantastic Galapagos Islands.
Coming Up: Rio Carnival, Rio (24-28 Feb)
Our Top Pick: 10-day Tale of Two Cities
Tailor-made by the UK Experts
Of course, the holidays to South America on this page are just the start. It's your holiday, and we think you should be able to make your own choices about the itinerary, the hotels, and every other aspect of your trip, so what we'd really like to do is work with you to plan your very own tailor-made holiday in South America.
If you'd like to combine different countries or if you and your partner or friend want to do some things separately, that's no problem at all. With years of experience in planning holidays in South America, we can help put together even the most complicated itineraries - in fact, although we'll probably regret saying this: the more complex it is, the more we enjoy it!
Focus on:
Our Family Holidays
South America is tailor-made for family holidays, packed full of adventures and different cultures. Whether you have a budding Indiana Jones or a would-be David Attenborough on your hands, our bespoke South America tours will keep them happy!
"We had a fantastic time and everything you organised went like clockwork."
Read more testimonials from our happy customers...
Focus on:
Inca Trail Holidays
As we get into the peak trekking months of July and August, our thoughts naturally drift to the Andes and all the fantastic treks we've done there. It's still not too late to squeeze in a trek to Machu Picchu in 2020, so why not get in touch...?
Useful Links
Weather and Climate Guide
Language in South America
Trekking Holidays
Food in South America
Currency in South America
Jabs and Immunisations
Events and Festivals
Borders and Visas
© 2024 RealWorld Partnership LLP Registered in England No. OC388038
Tel: 0113 262 5329 Suite 6 Gledhow Mount Mansions, Roxholme Grove, Leeds, LS7 4JJ
SitemapPrivacyTerms and ConditionsContact Us