LIBAPPS
We Help Libraries Thrive in a Digital-First World
Create content, curate resources, share knowledge, answer questions, engage with users online, analyze services... all with the Springshare platform.
16
Years
Of Helping Libraries
7500
Institutional Customers
106
Countries Worldwide
250000
Librarians on Our Platform
LibApps - Affordable, Easy to Use SaaS Platform
The LibApps platform is the affordable, easy-to-use solution for libraries seeking to improve and build strong online services. From subject guides to event calendars and chat-with-a-librarian services, our software is designed with both the user and librarian in mind. Each of our tools offers functionality that connects users to valuable library resources.
text_snippet
LibGuides/CMS
The most popular and flexible content management system for libraries. Build and curate guides, manage A-Z database lists, build beautiful websites... LibGuides does it all. Our LTI tool makes it easy to embed library content & services into courseware.
Learn More
chat
LibAnswers/LibChat
A communication platform built for libraries. Embeddable LibChat widgets, email, SMS, and social media communication all in one place. Answer users' questions from any channel, engage with patrons and build FAQs for self-service use.
Learn More
event
LibCal
From event calendars and appointment schedulers to room & space reservations and library of things lending, LibCal does it all. Its distinct modules work together for an integrated and flexible solution to your institution's calendaring needs.

Learn More
people
LibConnect
An email marketing and CRM platform empowering libraries to offer a superior customer experience by better understanding their users' needs. Create and send email newsletters, manage projects, and cultivate relationships with the community.
Learn More
insights
LibInsight
A data collection and visualization tool designed to help libraries make data-driven decisions, exhibit organizational value, and more! This flexible platform allows you to create and update custom datasets that track a variety of metrics.

Learn More
schedule
LibStaffer
Designed specifically for libraries, LibStaffer's flexible scheduling features assist with service point scheduling and staff communication. Create and manage schedules for volunteers, work-study students, professional staff, and more.
Learn More
assignment_turned_in
LibWizard
Create, share, and analyze forms, surveys, quizzes, and tutorials! From basic forms to in-depth tutorials, this flexible system combines all the feedback and assessment functionality your library needs into one easy-to-use platform.
Learn More
collections_bookmark
E-Reserves
Manage electronic reserves content within LibGuides. Provide students with an easy-to-use interface for browsing and searching course materials and integrate content within your guides and your learning management system.

Learn More
people
Patron Point
The marketing automation platform driving patron engagement in public libraries. The built-in automation features amplify the power of your day-to-day patron messaging, and targetted communication ensures patrons get relevant messaging from their library.
Learn More
WIDE-RANGING SOLUTIONS FOR A VARIETY OF NEEDS
Embraced by Institutions of All Types
You're in good company. From the most prestigious academic and research institutions to public library systems and community colleges, we are fortunate to serve libraries of all shapes and sizes. Whether you need a new library website or a comprehensive communication platform, there is a Springy tool for every need and institution type.
By Institution Type
By Use Case/Need
Academic Libraries
Public Libraries
K-12 Libraries
Special Libraries
Medical Libraries
Law & Corporate Libraries
Consortia
Academic Departments
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR SUCCESS
Everything We Do Is Focused on Helping You Succeed
local_fire_department
LEGENDARY SUPPORT
The Springshare team has built a great reputation for providing the best customer service in the library market. Our librarian-staffed support team pairs an in-depth product knowledge with practical library experience to bring you the best possible help.
developer_board
VIBRANT USER COMMUNITY
Get inspired, share best practices, and exchange ideas as part of our active user community. The Springshare Lounge is a user-focused site that is brimming with activity. Our Community sites allow librarians to share templates and content.
business_center
CONSULTING FOR SUCCESS
When you need extra assistance with the setup or customization of Springshare tools, our top-notch consulting team is here to help. From custom training sessions to designing and building library websites, our team can do it all.
More About Springshare
SPRINGSHARE'S 24/7 VIRTUAL REFERENCE SERVICE
World's Largest 24/7 Librarian Co-op
Our 24/7 Co-op is the world's largest librarian-staffed virtual reference cooperative. Co-op's MLS-degreed librarians around the world assist hundreds of libraries in providing round-the-clock 24/7/365 online chat coverage. With millions of answered chats and satisfied patrons, help us help you provide guaranteed librarian help for your community. Our flexible service model is tailored for each customer, and we ensure that your online visitors always have a librarian available to assist them with their research and information needs.
Learn More About 24/7 Co-op
News & Events
Happy Library Lovers' Month!
New LibWizard Interactive Tutorials
LibChat & LibKey Nomad++ Integration
Present with Springshare at PLA 2024!
Springshare Conference Schedule
Patron Point Wins 2024 MLA Award
Customer Love  
"Springshare is a phenomenal company with products and people that can’t be beat. With LibGuides CMS and LibCal we have everything we need – an amazing website, organized library guides, calendars for our hours and events, and more forms and feedback than we could ever use."
Joli McClelland
Queens University of Charlotte
Ready for the Next Steps?
Request a product demo/webinar, ask us specific use-case questions... We're here for you and we look forward to demonstrating how Springshare can help you engage and impress your users.
Request Info
Since 2007 we've been developing affordable, standards-based software solutions for libraries, educational institutions, and non-profits. We love helping our customers provide great experiences for their users.
7,500 Institutions. 106 Countries. 250,000 Librarian Users.
Accessibility Statement | GDPR Compliance | Privacy Policy
  Quick Contacts
email
sales@springshare.com (sales inquiries)
email
info@springshare.com (general mailbox)
email
support@springshare.com (tech support)
phone
1-800-451-3160 (phone)
© 2007-2024 Springshare LLC. All rights reserved.