Privacy Settings
We use Cookies in particular to improve your user experience on our website. They help us to better understand how our website is used so that we can adapt the content for you and place advertising. By accepting you agree to this. You can revoke or change your consent at any time with future effect.
Privacy PolicyImprintManage preferences
Allow all
The #1 Innovation OS
for changemakers
Helping you drive innovation from strategy to execution at scale. All the way from insights to market in one single collaborative platform.
Data-driven, engaging, and agile.
Book a Free Demo
Rated by global Innovation Rockstars
Trusted by global innovation leaders
One platform for everything innovation
        
        Foresight
        
        Ideation
        
        Portfolio
        
     Discover the most rewarding opportunities. Fast.
Scout, monitor, understand, and evaluate trends, emerging technologies, risks, startups, insights, and more on one collaborative innovation management platform. ITONICS Foresight enables you to scale your foresight activities with repeatable and predictable processes on one digital platform. 
Reduce human effort and move data to action fast. One configurable platform to identify what to act on ahead of the competition. 
Explore ITONICS Foresight
Empower everybody to innovate. Today.
Get Started
The only Innovation OS to scale your innovation pipeline from strategy to implementation
Read more on our unique, proven methodology covering the Where to Play, How to Win, and What to Execute within innovation. It’s much more than ideas!
Get Templates & Tools
Why the best innovators work with ITONICS
The pace of technology change is relentless. ITONICS excels by providing a space for our team to share important signals of change and discuss their impact, without distraction. It helps us stay ahead of the curve, multiplies the value of our people, and the time we spend together.
Chris Bennett
Chief Technology Officer
Read the Success Story
See how other innovation rockstars grow with ITONICS
Getting started with ITONICS
Build your trend radar within hours. Set-up a global idea challenge to engage ten thousands of co-workers. Get transparency over your R&D portfolios and emerging technology roadmaps.
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos, but don't worry, you can and watch it with your favorite video player!
End2End Innovation
Operate a world-class innovation management platform.
Learn More
Environmental Scanning
Move from data to insights, fast.
Learn More
Continuous Foresight
Uncover trends, emerging technologies, and risks early.
Learn More
Idea Management
Unlock innovative ideas around the globe.
Learn More
Portfolio Management
Optimize and streamline your innovation portfolios.
Learn More
Roadmapping
Manage and track innovation end to end, from opportunity to delivery.
Learn More
Let's talk Innovation
Copenhagen Institute for Futures Studies: Navigating Tomorrow's World - Insights into Futures Studies
In this episode, we step into the world of foresight and future studies by introducing you to Daria (Dasha) Krivonos, CEO of the Copenhagen Institute for Futures Studies. 
Together with Daria, we dive deep into the intricacies of navigating today's complex global challenges and rapid technological advances, all while considering the central role of AI in shaping our future. 
Tune in




Know what's hot in innovation before others do
END2END INNOVATION
Leading R&D Teams in Times of Change: Insights for Directors and CTOs
02 May 24 | 10 mins read
FORESIGHT
Technology Evaluation: A Guide for R&D and Innovation Teams (Free Template)
26 Apr 24 | 10 mins read
FORESIGHT
A Playbook for Technology Managers to Maximize Internal Buy-in
25 Apr 24 | 27 mins read
Read Reviews
Submit a Review
ITONICS
Home
Innovation Software
Foresight
Ideation
Portfolio
Product Updates
USE CASES
All Use Cases
End2End Innovation
Continuous Foresight
Portfolio Management
Idea Management
Strategic Planning
WHY US
About ITONICS
Customer Success
Career & Culture
News & Press
Trust & Support
Contact
LEARN
Resources
ITONICS Blog
Events
Podcast
Academy
Success Stories
Toolkits & Templates
Webinars & Tutorials
Ebooks & White Papers
 All rights reserved © 2024 ITONICS GmbH
EN
Imprint | Privacy Policy | GDPR | PAIA
 