"Doing what I love and loving what I do for the last 50 years"
I qualified in 1971. Post qualification experience was working for the Freshwater Group in their commercial property department and as PA to the founder Mr Osais Freshwater. I formed my own practice preparing building survey reports and valuations of residential property in 1979. I worked in Hong Kong for the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club from 1980-2002. I re-established my own practice in 2003 in Wimbledon, London SW19. I retired as senior partner of Scrivener Tibbatts – Chartered Surveyors in October 2017 but I am retained as Consultant. I also run my own much smaller niche practice dealing with specialist valuations and party walls for those with whom I wish to work.
Experience
I have a detailed knowledge of the Civil and Family Procedure Rules (CPR/FPR) and all the relevant RICS guidance notes as an expert witness valuer. I undertake specialist training as an expert valuation witness and I refresh that training annually at seminars and conferences.
I have given expert valuation evidence and I have been cross examined in the Central Family Court, and in many First-tier Tribunals (F-tT). I have experience of and I can act as Surveyor/Advocate for small claims in the First-tier Tribunal.
I provide statutory valuations (Schedule 6 & Schedule 13 of the Leasehold Reform, Housing and Urban Development Act 1993, as amended for flats) and also valuations under the Leasehold Reform Act 1967 for houses [Sections 9(1), Section 9(1)(a) and Section and 9(1)(c)].
I provide valuations for capital gains tax (CGT), inheritance tax (IHT) and the annual tax on enveloped dwellings (ATED). I am qualified to certify values for Charities (Charities Act 2011 – Section 119)
I administer the Party Wall …Etc… Act 1996 (‘96Act) to facilitate the wishes of building owners, who wish to improve or alter their properties close to adjoining properties. Adjoining properties may need protection prior to, during and after works of alteration/extension has been completed, in accordance with the provisions set out in the ’96 Act.
Certification
Mike Tibbatts has had an illustrious career and over the years has gained many
specialisations in his field from reputable global orgnisations.
From United Kingdom
Cardiff University Certificate - 2010
View Certificates
From United Kingdom
RICS Diploma - 1971
View Certificates
From United Kingdom
EWI Certificate
View Certificates
From United Kingdom
P I Insurance Certificate
View Certificates
Services












DO YOU THINK WE WILL GET ON?
I have a wide range of interests and hobbies, some have developed  for me into  passions. One of these passions is following the progress of nine grandchildren.  I am very lucky! 
I reserve six weeks every year for skiing; I play golf at least twice a week (when I am not skiing!).  I love cooking. 
I spent 20 years working for the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club as a horse racing official (Official Starter 1986 – 2000), property advisor and chief administrator for one of the first programs to care for the needs of retired racehorses when their racing careers have ended.  A lot of what I started in 1986 in Hong Kong is now followed in UK – Rehabilitation of Retired Racehorses.
I am a member of two syndicates owning two race horses; one on the flat with George Baker and a national hunt horse with Richard Phillips.
Both George and Richard adore their horses with a passion they do not hide, they are good trainers, good communicators and they ensure that the syndicates of which I am a member have enormous fun.   I hold a qualification from the BHS (British Horse Society) as a riding instructor.
I enjoy helping those who need the property valuation and property administrative skills which I have obtained over a ‘few years’ through qualification and experience. I am sometimes asked ….’Isn’t it about time you retired?’
My answer – ‘Why should I retire while I am enjoying working (but not too hard); I enjoy keeping myself up to date. I enjoy helping people who ask me to help them and for whom I would like to work’.
Contact Us
If you have any question or if you would like me to act as an expert valuation witness for you,
please feel free to get in touch with me via details below.
My aim is to give a personalised professional service to every client. I am an expert residential valuation surveyor and I am also a party wall surveyor. I act for freeholders and leaseholders, and I act for building owners and adjoining owners for party wall work. It is important to act for different property interests in order that the advice which I give is as balanced as it possibly can be.
020 3915 2979
mike@miketibbatts.co.uk
Tibbatts & Company Limited 36 St Georges Road Wimbledon London SW19 4ED
Home
About
Experience
Services
Contact
Copyright © 2022 Designed & developed by Alumination