Digital Oriented
Creative Engineering of Information Systems
Web Development
Software Engineering
Graphic Design
IT Support
Contact
Information
SYSTEM-MINDED DIGITAL AGENCY
...making digital beautiful
< Web Design and Software Development Company in Tunbridge Wells Kent >
WEBSITES ∘ WEB APPLICATIONS ∘ E-COMMERCE ∘ GRAPHICS ∘ MOBILE ∘ DIGITAL MEDIA
≡ ⁄ SERVICES OVERVIEW ⁄
Digital Oriented specialises in design and development of websites, web applications and specialised software that address a wide range of business needs for many diverse industries. Our company offers bespoke solutions that are designed to meet the unique requirements of specific businesses, which range from sole traders and small business to large, well-established companies. Being a Kent web design company, we provide web design services to local businesses in Tunbridge Wells, Tunbridge, Eastbourne, Brighton, Hastings, across London, throughout the South East of England as well as nationwide.
≡ ⁄ EXPERTISE INDUSTRIES ⁄
We are a digital agency with a particular focus on and experience of engineering, science, architecture, construction and manufacturing. Digital Oriented has a comprehensive knowledge in engineering and construction that comes from experience of our developers who are former engineers with actual engineering backgrounds, which uniquely positions us to build specialised websites and software applications for engineering businesses.
≡ ⁄ DIGITAL INNOVATION ⁄
Innovative websites developed by Digital Oriented not just present your business to online world but differentiate it by communicating your unique capabilities. We build responsive custom websites which provide a comprehensive and easy to use content management system and also allow a potential for expansion. Our eCommerce website design combines contemporary design with modern technology and offers complete, feature-rich system for your online store.
≡ ⁄ CUSTOMER FOCUS ⁄
We strive to produce outstanding, custom static content websites, dynamic content websites, interactive websites and ecommerce shopping systems that communicate your company’s unique capabilities which ultimately means making your business stand out. Our flexible service solutions are designed to create a complete customer satisfaction and offer design, development, graphics, content, search engine optimisation or fully managed options including web hosting and website maintenance.
Recent Web Design Projects
Engineering Consultancy – Website Development
Web Services for Optimised Online Presence
Custom Static Content Websites
Any information that is intended to be presented to the Internet audience, and does not need to be changed frequently, is structured into Static Content Website – traditional website containing static information. This group represents a wide variety of Websites with different styles, sizes and types of information.
Read More
Content Management Systems (CMS)
Practical solution for websites which content needs regular updates. It allows you to manage your website from an easy-to-use dashboard interface and streamlines the process of changing information, adding different digital media or creating new website pages.
Read More
Industry Specific Website Design
A Website is acting as one of the public faces of the company. Before prospective customers decide to make a product or service enquiry, the website is usually the first to introduce the business to them. Our industry knowledge allows us to provide competent industry specific Website design services.
Read More
Web Design and Development
Complete online presence development and management which incorporates the design of new or redesign of existing Website, Search Engine Optimisation and IT support to maximise the ability to reach new audiences.
Read More
Marketing Communications Development
Services ranging from new product launch advertising through design and management of individual marketing campaigns to development of long-term marketing strategies.
Read More
Data Architecture
Dealing with the issues of how data is created, stored and accessed by different business functions and computer systems, and helping to develop strategies for organisations wishing to execute master data management projects.
Read More
EXCELLENT RELIABILITY DRIVEN BY LATEST INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES
Services
Web Design and Development
Software Engineering
Data Architecture
Graphic Design
Internet Marketing
Company
About Company
Projects Portfolio
News
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Enquiry Form
Project Estimate Request
Enquiries@DigitalOriented.co.uk
Phone: +44 (0) 1892 53 03 10
Fax: +44 (0) 1892 53 03 10
Quality digital design and
software engineering //////
< — > DO < / — >///////////
Carefully planned and ////
systematically executed /
Copyright © 2024 Digital Oriented. All Rights Reserved.