Curiosity begins at childhood… we make sure
your kids are healthy to discover the world!
123
Too many people in our community are sick & suffering resulting in a diminished quality of life & freedom. 
Our practice exists to leave an everlasting legacy of transformative family health for generations to come.
Our clear goal for every practice member is to transform their view of health, unleash the power of the nervous system, & experience abundant freedom
About Us
Chiropractic care has the power to change the lives of people of all ages, and Dr. Jed Emms takes a great deal of pride in the role he plays in helping patients recover from illness or injury or simply improve their overall wellness. Grand Rapids Family Chiropractic offers a wide range of treatments and services, with a particular focus on working with children. The practice is now accepting new patients, and Dr. Jed and his team look forward to forging new professional relationships with families throughout the greater Grand Rapids area.
Who we help?
From newborns to the elderly, we see all those who seek us to resolve their issues and enhance their quality of life. We provide chiropractic care to a range of conditions right from common headaches to problems like TMJ.
Click to Know More
How we help?
You are not just a patient for us, you will be treated like family and loved. We understand each peson is unique and hence delve deep into the problem to put together a plan customized just for you to achieve the desired results.
Click to Know More
What are our results?
We have helped several patients overcome their problems and thus regain their confidence and trust . You will be healthier, happier and most importantly, feel much better internally. This will result in you being a better version of yourself!
Click to Know More
Meet the Practitioner
Jed Emms, DC
Chiropractor & Wellness Center located in Grand Rapids, MI
At Grand Rapids Family Chiropractic in Grand Rapids, MI, Dr. Jed Emms has built a practice centered on the belief that chiropractic care can improve the health and wellness of families. A proud husband and father himself, Dr. Jed Emms takes the time to make a personal connection with each of his patients, many of whom simply call him Dr. Jed. Dr. Emms commonly helps people with sciatica, headaches, shoulder pain, and TMJ disorder. He also specializes in Pregnancy Care as well as Pediatric Care and uses chiropractic techniques to handle a wide array of issues such as ADHD. He began his education at Ferris State University, where he earned his Bachelors of Science and represented his school in both soccer and tennis. He continued his studies at Life University in Marietta, Georgia, where he earned his Doctor of Chiropractic. Dr. Jed is committed to remaining on the cutting edge of chiropractic care and routinely seeks out educational and professional development opportunities.
Vicky, CA
Chiropractor & Wellness Center located in Grand Rapids, MI
Vicky is an integral part of the GRFC family.  She has been with our team for over 3 years and can answer many questions for you.  She is happily married with 2 wonderful children who enjoy the benefits of Chiropractic care.  Vicky has seen great changes in herself with Chiropractic and gets to listen to many success stories from all of our practice members!  Vicky loves to garden, read, enjoy peaceful walks to clear her mind.  Her favorite season is the fall as she loves to can many great veggies and homemade recipes as well as take in the beautiful fall colors Michigan has to offer.  She is an avid Detroit Tigers fan and enjoys watching her son play as well.  She thoroughly enjoys working in an upbeat, family oriented practice centered around a vitalistic philosophy.  She takes great pride in helping our patients or practice members reach their maximum potential each and every day!
What People Are Saying About Dr. Jed…
Amy C
Dr. Jed and his staff are very genuine and friendly, and Dr. Jed is passionate about caring for his patients.
123456
616-975-1100
6771 Cascade Rd SE, Grand Rapids,        MI 49546
info@grfamilychiropractic.com
Contact Us
When's the best time?
Monday: 8am-11am & 3pm-6pm
Tuesday: 8am-11am & 3pm-6pm
Wednesday: 3pm-6pm
Thursday: 8am-11am & 3pm-6pm
Friday: By Appointment Only
Saturday/Sunday - We recharge ourselves to help serve you better!
Resources & FAQs
What we do
Copyright © Grand Rapids Family Chiropractic 2017 | Web-design by: Growth Academy Online | Privacy Policy - T&C
Hi there, have a question? Message/Email us here.