Let's Talk Business
Careers
Menu
World-Class Customer Management Solutions, Your Way.
Innovative Business Process Outsourcing (BPO)
Tailored Customer Experience (CX) Services
Reduced Costs & Increased Efficiency
Why ARGO?
Personalized Attention. A Customized Approach. True Collaboration.
ARGO is a Business Process Innovator™ that helps companies across a wide range of industries to better connect with their customers, partners and employees. Our deep experience in BPO and CX can help your brand increase efficiency and reduce costs while improving your bottom line. 
We want to get to know you and find solutions that help you do business your way.
What We Do:
Inbound & Outbound Omni-channel Customer Engagement
Scheduling, Eligibility and Pre-Registration
Value Programs with Actionable Analytics
Member, Account and Billing Support
Product & Technical Support
Loyalty & Retention
Back Office Services & Process Improvement
Customer Care, Accounts and Billing Support
Real-Time Metrics and Customer Analytics
Real-Time Credit Card authorization and File Export
State-of-the-Art Telephony with Seamless Integrations
Customized Daily and Weekly Reporting of All Key Performance Indicators
Customized Daily and Weekly Reporting of All Key Performance Indicators
Handling Call Spikes through Constant Communication
Upselling and Cross Selling
Inbound & Outbound Sales
Total Lifetime Value Program
Customer Analytics, Satisfaction CSAT and Net Promoter Score (NPS) Improvement
Customer Journey Mapping
Robotic Process Automation RPA/AI
Customized Customer Management Workflows
Expertly Trained Customer Care Representatives Building Real Customer Relationships
...and much more. Don't see a service you're looking for? Contact us!
The ARGO Difference:
Embracing Values, Delivering Success
24/7/365 Live Agent and AI-Enabled Support
State-of-the-Art Technology
Local-to-Global, Qualified Workforce
Extensive Training
Aggressive Quality Assurance System
Focus on Retention and Acquisition
Consumer-Centric Culture
ARGO is committed to delivering efficient customer management solutions, customized to help you achieve your business objectives and enhance your brand. Here’s more about what makes us, us: 
ARGO: Business Process Innovation™
ARGO is a business process outsourcing (BPO) firm that offers deep, global experience and a boutique approach, customizable for your business and brand. Our management team has pioneered and innovated customer engagement for many of the world’s most coveted brands. Yet, we recognize each client, each brand and each business challenge requires something different to achieve the best results.
By using our services to improve their business performance, our clients succeed without having to invest in additional people, infrastructure or overhead. Through a combination of deep experience, best practices and right technology, ARGO offers a Business Process Innovation™ approach to elevate your customer experience (CX), improve CSAT and NPS scores, reduce overall costs and enhance your revenues.
We Help Get Results Across a Wide Range of Industries, Every Day
Healthcare
Banking, Financial Services & Insurance
E-Commerce & Retail
Non-Profit
Telecom & Media
Direct Response
Travel & Logistics
Tackle CX Challenges, Up Your Customer Management Game
Want to enhance your CX and increase your revenue while reducing the overall costs? ARGO is the right team for you!
Our Focus
Work-At-Home Virtual Agents
Customer Care, Accounts & Billing Support
Product & Technical Support
Lead Generation, Pre-Qualification, & Appointment Setting
Multi-lingual & Omnichannel Support
Back Office Services & Process Improvement
Business Continuity (COVID-19 and beyond)
Inbound & Outbound Acquisition & Sales
Loyalty & Retention Programs
Direct Response Services
Global Delivery and Follow-the-Sun Operations
Omnichannel Capabilities
Cloud & Visual IVR
Inbound & Outbound Voice
Email, Chat, Video, & SMS/MMS Support
Social Media Monitoring & Response
Managed Network & Infrastructure Services
AI and RPA Innovation Services
What Our Clients Say About Us:
ARGO embarked on a venture partnership with SkyCom in 2018. As a result, we have expanded capabilities and geographies with a partner who mirrors our values and enhances our clients’ operations. Truly a 1+1=3 value for all!
Giovanni Scalia
CEO & Founder, SkyCom
Join the Team
Make a difference. Join ARGO! What we do each day, in each customer engagement matters. We solve problems and deliver solutions. With every interaction we’re the team helping our clients and their customers to win. If you aim to make a difference, we want to meet you!
View Open Positions
207.514.0744
info@argocontact.com
1791 O.G. Skinner Drive, Suite A, West Point, Georgia 31833
Navigation
Home
About
Services & Industries
Careers
Articles
Contact
Solutions by Industry
Healthcare
E-Commerce
Retail
Telecom & Media
Banking, Financial & Insurance
Direct Response
Travel & Logistics
Non-Profit
ARGO Insights
Do not miss relevant updates from ARGO. Keep up with industry trends: learn contact center best practices and inventive methods that lead to exceptional customer experience. Subscribe now.
Email
© All rights reserved
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy