Skip to main content
MAGUIRE CHEVROLET OF ITHACA
Contact: (607) 272-9292 Directions
Home
New Inventory
Electric Vehicles
Pre-Owned Inventory
Finance & Specials
Service & Parts
About Us
Maguire Care - benefits that give you peace of mind! Learn More!
open in same tab
Important Information
Open Details Modal












WELCOME TO MAGUIRE CHEVROLET OF ITHACA
Learn More about Maguire Care
I'M INTERESTED IN
Any Location
Any Type
Any Year
Any Make
Any Mileage
All Filters
Search
SCHEDULE SERVICE
SPECIAL OFFERS & INCENTIVES
VALUE YOUR TRADE-IN
SEARCH BY MODEL
Convertible
Coupe
SUV
Sedan
Truck
Van
Previous
BLAZER
BLAZER EV
EQUINOX
SUBURBAN
Next
MAGUIRE CHEVROLET OF ITHACA
Here at Maguire Chevrolet Ithaca, it is our mission to be the automotive home for drivers all over Ithaca, Cortland, and Elmira, New York. During your time with us, you can count on having access to a vast selection of new and used vehicles, exceptional automotive care, and hands-on customer service.
WE'RE FULLY STOCKED
The moment you set foot on our lot or in our showroom, you will have your pick of our diverse inventory. Our local dealership keeps a great stock of new and used cars, trucks, and SUVs on display for you to consider.
While you're exploring the various possibilities, you will be accompanied by a member of our sales staff. They'll be right there with you to answer your questions, demonstrate how a feature works, and join you out on the road when you're ready to take one of your top prospects for a spin.
LET’S TALK AUTO FINANCE
Our finance department is staffed with plenty of knowledgeable specialists. One of these friendly individuals will take the time to sit down with you and go over every option. Their goal is to make sure you have all the information you need to pick out the right plan according to your specific financial situation.
We encourage you to take advantage of our online value your trade tool before your visit if you're planning on trading in your current set of wheels. It will provide you with an accurate picture of what you could be getting back. Our online finance application is also at your disposal. Feel free to fill out this secure form to get the ball rolling when it comes to gaining approval on a loan.
WE KEEP YOU GOING
When it's time for a visit to an automotive service center, you're likely expecting the work to be completed quickly and proficiently-whether you're in for some routine maintenance or a more intensive repair. The experts that are responsible for making this happen are certified, skilled, and experienced. Here's a sample of the sort of tasks that you can look forward to having performed:
Battery tests and replacements
Oil change services
Brake maintenance
Tire repairs and replacements
Engine tune-ups
Don't forget that our auto parts team would be happy to get you whatever you need to help keep your motor vehicle on the road for many miles to come. If we don't happen to have what you're looking for in stock, we can order it for you and let you know as soon as it arrives.
START REAPING THE BENEFITS OF WORKING WITH OUR TEAM TODAY
Now that you've had a sneak peek of what it's like to browse through our inventory, sit down with our finance specialists, and receive first-rate automotive expertise from our mechanics, it's time for you to get the full picture.
We're all set to get started when you're ready. Contact Maguire Chevrolet Ithaca serving Elmira, Ithaca, and Cortland, NY, today to schedule a good time for you to take a test drive.
GET IN TOUCH
35 Cinema Dr
Ithaca, NY 14850
Contact Our Sales Department
(607) 272-9292
Monday
8:00 am - 8:00 pm
Tuesday
8:00 am - 8:00 pm
Wednesday
8:00 am - 8:00 pm
Thursday
8:00 am - 8:00 pm
Friday
8:00 am - 6:00 pm
Saturday
8:00 am - 6:00 pm
Sunday
Closed
See All Department Hours


Visit us at: 35 Cinema Dr Ithaca, NY 14850
Loading Map...
Website by Dealer.com
AdChoices
Contact
About
Privacy
Sitemap