Tatanka Stone Inc.
Fabricating counter tops in Omaha since 2008.
Nebraska's Stone Artists
(402) 730-7411
100's of stock slabs stop by to see current stock
STOCK
Social
Know your Materials
Granite
Granite is typically the material of choice.  A very hard, granular, crystalline, igneous rock consisting mainly of quartz, mica, and feldspar and often used as a building stone.  Granite defines elegance in a kitchen.  The beauty of the stone contributes to the beauty of even modest kitchens.
GRANITE DISTRIBUTORS
Quartz (E-Stone)
A man-made or engineered stone.  Made from granite and quartz dust in an epoxy Base. Vacuumed and polished to form a durable solid surface.
There is no maintenance.

TAKE ME TO QUARTZ
Marble
Marble is a metamorphic rock that forms when limestone is subjected to the heat and pressure of metamorphism. It is composed primarily of the mineral calcite (CaCO3) and usually contains other minerals, such as clay minerals, micas, quartz, pyrite, iron oxides, and graphite. Under the conditions of metamorphism, the calcite in the limestone recrystallizes to form a rock that is a mass of interlocking calcite crystals. A related rock, dolomitic marble, is produced when dolostone is subjected to heat and pressure. We have 4 distributors in Omaha and many others outside Omaha metro. Refer to granite.
MARBLE DISTRIBUTORS
Recycled Glass
Ice Stone   -  We created IceStone recycled glass surfaces with the health of our employees, our customers, and the planet in mind. IceStone is manufactured in our state-of-the-art facility in the historic Brooklyn Navy Yard using just three core ingredients: 100% recycled glass, Portland cement, and non-toxic pigments. From classic neutrals to bold contemporary jewel tones, IceStone is sure to bring your vision to life, elegantly and responsibly 
Vetrazzo  -  Handcrafted, unique, handmade here in America Vetrazzo, the glass pieces are always meticulously chosen and the finish of each slice is inspected four times with care . 
ECO  -  ECO by Cosentino® is an original product manufactured from 75% of recycled materials such as mirror, glass, porcelain, earthenware and vitrified ash. Even 94% of the water used in its manufacturing process is re-used. ECO by Cosentino® is a new product that embraces sustainability, design and quality that has produced a new category of recycled surfaces. These are an ecological alternative to similar surfaces available for construction and decoration.
Geos  -  Flecked with jewels of color in a dense, durable substrate, GEOS  Recycled Glass Surfaces blends recycled glass into a unique surface of superior strength and remarkable beauty. Offered in a wide range of evocative colors, GEOS makes a striking visual statement and is a rare find among environmentally conscious products—it’s both earth-friendly and affordable. With a carefully chosen mixture of both post-consumer and industrial-use glass, GEOS Recycled Glass Surfaces gives new life to a cast-off resource. Combined with superior and proven binders, the resulting fusion of strength and beauty takes very little from the planet, and gives back an enduring product rich with colorful organic texture.
Evolve  - Life is evolving and so is DIFINITI. Inspired by some of the greenest cities in the world, Evolve has a wide array of colors. The recycled content found in Evolve, makes this series sustainable which will have a great impact. 
Quartzite
Quartzite is a very hard metamorphic rock that originated as sandstone. Through a process of high heating and pressurization sandstone is transformed into Quartzite, an extremely strong and durable natural stone. When heated, individual quartz pieces recrystallize giving it a beautiful and decorative sparkling pattern. Quartzite is ideal for any countertop surface due to its strength and long-lasting composition. Consider quartzite countertops for its strength, beauty, and overall durability.  Similar to glass, Buyer be warned many distributors label their stone with quartzite, this is not always the case.  Please ask your fabricator.
 Quartz - a hard white or colorless mineral consisting of silicon dioxide, found widely in igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary rocks. It is often colored by impurities.  The more pure the quartz the more the product typically costs. 
Dekton
Dekton employs exclusive Sinterized Particle Technology, a high tech process which represents an accelerated version of the metamorphic change that natural stone undergoes when subjected to high temperatures and pressure over thousands of years. 
COLORS OF DEKTON
Bathrooms & Laundry
Kitchens & Bars
Fire Places
01/11
About Us
What do they Do?
Tatanka Stone is a fabricator of all types of Stone.  Specializing in Granite countertops, Marble,  quartz, Recycled Glass counter tops in Omaha and custom work. 
By creating beautiful Kitchens, Bathrooms, Fireplaces, Outdoor Kitchens, showers and Surrounds we aim to please.  So if your looking for granite in Omaha or countertops quartz in Omaha. At Tatanka Stone we use the finest in Natural Stone and Man made stone to create your dream space.  Countertops to full height Backsplash we do it all. 

We Truly Care, You Should Too
  To this day Tatanka Stone Inc. strives for uniqueness, excellence and a five star rating.
 We use sealers for our natural stone only of the best quality.  Product warranty lasting 15 years. One of the highest in the industry.  We also offer other options as well at additional cost (lifetime).

We also use some of the best polishing pads in the world to achive a knock out finish.

HISTORY
Customer Satisfaction Guaranteed
We aim to please. We make an excellent product at a fair price.  Word of mouth is our largest asset.  We want you on our side.

WHAT DO I WANT?

 Picking a stone can be difficult.  Today most stones are very dependable.  The true question lies in what type of patterning, color do you like and what do you want to spend.  
 We would love to help guide you in your selection.  We stock slabs and have many remnants .
Our Digital Machinery
1/3
Contact Us
Send Message
Your Name*
E-mail*
PHONE*
SEND
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Better yet, see us in person!
We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours for viewing outside materials (its always open).  It is recommended to call and schedule a time to meet with us, we are a small company sometimes out of the shop.  
Tatanka Stone Inc.
13525 A St, Omaha, Nebraska 68144, United States
(402) 730-7411
Hours
Open today
09:00 am – 06:00 pm
GET DIRECTIONS
Copyright © 2023 Tatanka Stone Inc. - All Rights Reserved.
Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder
Lets Explore Cambria
 Remember, Cambria is more than just a surface—it's a statement of elegance, a testament to durability, and an investment in the beauty of your home. 
WATCH VIDEO