Skip to content
Soho Acupuncture & Chinese Herbal Medicine
“We invite you to our practice to explore, enjoy, seek and find knowledge in chinese medicine and holistic health. ⁠Our goal is to guide you to newfound and newly felt wellness through acupuncture and chinese medicine practices, to inform, inspire and help you take mindful actions to meet your wellness goals.”  
-Jen Becker
ARE YOU A NEW PATIENT?
Please visit our online booking site to schedule an appointment. 
On the day of your acupuncture session please have some food in your system. You don’t want to have anything too heavy, but you want to make sure not to have an empty stomach. Try having a light snack about an hour before your treatment and avoid caffeine right before, so you can benefit from a deep healing rest.
Also, please refrain from perfume, cologne or strongly scented body products and tongue scraping the day of your appointment, they can interfere with diagnosis.
Visit Our Blog! Learn more about chinese medicine and holistic health practices.
FIRE AND JOY: LEARNING TO EMBRACE SUMMER FULLY
GOING WITH THE FLOW: THE IMPORTANCE OF MOVEMENT FOR THE WOOD ELEMENT AND LIVER HEALTH
SPRINGING INTO ACTION: UNLEASHING THE GROWTH POTENTIAL OF THE WOOD ELEMENT
SAY GOODBYE TO SINUSITIS: THE CHINESE MEDICINE SOLUTION FOR CLEAR BREATHING
ACUPUNCTURE AND WEI QI: UNDERSTANDING THE CONNECTION FOR OPTIMAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS
PRESS
What is Chinese Herbal Medicine and How Can It Benefit You?
What is Chinese Herbal Medicine and How Can It Benefit You? Written By: Jen Becker Original Article on furtherfood.com As a Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) practitioner, I use a lot of different modalities with my patients including acupuncture, cupping, gua sha and herbal medicine.  After meeting with my patients and taking [...]
READ FULL ARTICLE
Featured in Conscious City Guide
“NYC is known to have hidden gems sparkling throughout that one may stumble upon by simply entering into a space yet discovered. I recently had one of these glittering experiences off-Broadway, up an elevator, and into the majesty that is Soho Acupuncture by Jen Becker. First, the decor. I felt [...]
READ FULL ARTICLE
Chinese Face Reading Proves That We Should Embrace Our Wrinkles
Chinese Face Reading Proves That We Should Embrace Our Wrinkles Written By: Jen Becker Original Article on furtherfood.com Chinese Face Reading is one of the original tools that Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) practitioners used thousands of years ago. We all do some type of face reading in our daily lives, from looking [...]
READ FULL ARTICLE
Sip your way to a perfect snooze
"Acupuncturist Jen Becker suggests steeping a teaspoon of dried Valerian root in hot water for 10 minutes. “It’s a flowering plant, but only extracts from the root are used for medicinal, sleep-inducing purposes,” the Chinese medicine specialist adds. “It helps increase levels of gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA), a chemical in [...]
READ FULL ARTICLE
What Are The Health Benefits Of Acupuncture?
If you’re interested in trying out acupuncture, or you love acupuncture and want to know more, this interview is for you. I turned to Jen Becker, a licensed acupuncturist, herbalist, and a Nationally Certified Diplomate in Acupuncture and Chinese Herbology through the National Certification Commission of Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine [...]
READ FULL ARTICLE
Using the Chinese Body Clock Could Help Improve Your Wellbeing
Using the Chinese Body Clock Could Help Improve Your Wellbeing Written By: Jen Becker Original Article on furtherfood.com If you’ve ever consulted with a TCM practitioner or an acupuncturist, you may have noticed that they ask about your daily routines, including your sleep, diet, work, exercise, and relaxation schedules. They [...]
READ FULL ARTICLE
Bill New York, NY
“I had recently returned to New York City after a rather long absence and one of my first priorities was to find a healer, a practitioner of Chinese acupuncture. I had been with my last practitioner for almost twenty years so I anticipated that finding another acupuncturist and herbalist was going to be a daunting undertaking. I am not sure how I found Jen Becker. But, I also don’t believe that there are any coincidences in life. What I do understand is that I am blessed to have found Jen Becker.”
A.G New York, NY
“I came to Arlen with crippling neck pain – she has cured not only my tense muscles but my mind and soul too. I associate our appointments with a deep sense of peace and serenity that I try to channel before sleeping and in other chaotic moments in life. Arlen is a natural healer, and she connects my ailments as more than symptoms but approaches them in a holistic way. I would highly recommend her and I greatly look forward to coming here each week!”
Anne L. Brooklyn, NY
“Jen is an incredible acupuncturist. After a bad accident, I was dealing with a potentially career-ending injury. I went to several different neurologists, an osteopath, two different physical therapists, several different kinds of massage therapy, and nothing was helping. I was afraid to try acupuncture because I’m scared of needles, but Jen was so kind and sensitive to my fear that I tried it out. My fears were quickly quieted by the fact that the treatments worked so well, in fact, they were the only thing that has ever consistently helped. I’ve been working with her now for a little over a year, and have highly recommended her to friends and students. I feel incredibly grateful and lucky that I found Jen, and that she continues to help me to heal.”
Rachel C. New York, NY
“If I could give Jen 10 stars I would in a heartbeat. I suffer from chronic pain so I wanted to get back into acupuncture and a friend suggested Jen. From day one I felt completely comfortable with her and our sessions quickly became the best part of my week. She really listens and goes above and beyond to make sure that you feel your best, not just when you are at your appointment but in day to day life. I have seen improvements in my pain as well as in my mental clarity and just overall well-being. Jen is a true gem and I cannot recommend her enough to anyone.”
Brendan F. Brooklyn, NY
“I started seeing Jen in BK about two and half years ago and it seriously changed my life. And since being treated by her, I recommend acupuncture to everyone for everything and anything that might be bothering them. What I love about the experience the most is that it really gives me a break from busy NYC life and helps me chill and focus. I get treated for stress and anxiety and it 100 percent calms me down. She’s super attentive and flexible to whatever might be bothering you, big or small. Jen’s also fantastic at acclimating you to the practice of acupuncture so if you’re nervous at all about it, she’s the definitely the person to start with! I couldn’t recommend it more!!”
Ashley. New York, NY
“I have been going to Jen for acupuncture since 2014. Over the years, acupuncture has supported me in dealing with a variety of issues. I notice vast improvements in many areas – both physical and mental – when I receive regular treatment from Jen. Her warmth and kind demeanor, extensive knowledge, sense of understanding, and effective treatment methods make her an excellent acupuncturist. I feel immediately at ease when I enter her space and am in her presence. I look forward to my treatments each week. After taking a break from acupuncture during the pandemic and returning to it this past spring, I am reminded of its effectiveness and significant contribution to my sense of wellbeing.”
Josh. New York, NY
“Arlen is an amazingly caring, informative and passionate acupuncturist. Following back surgery to repair a herniated disc, she has single-handedly improved my pain management, at a point when it felt like I would never return to my daily activity levels. Before seeing Arlen, I had tried multiple physical therapists and massage therapists, but nothing has come close to the relief and care that Arlen has been able to provide. A true game-changer.”
Copyright 2024 © Jenbeckeracupuncture.com