This website uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience and for analytics purposes. Learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Okay, got it
Meet
Transform your talent attraction
with employee voices
Bring your employee experience to life with Seenit, the AI-enabled employee-generated content platform
Get a demo
to see how you can 2.5x your engagement
Watch how it works
The #1 solution for the world's most successful Employer Brand and Communications teams
The AI-enabled employee-generated content platform
Machine-powered meets people-powered - authentic, engaging and scalable.
Collect and ideate
Get great content from your employees, every time, with AI-powered projects and expert-designed trending templates.
Brand and edit
Host and integrate
Manage and re-use
Explore the product
Guaranteed results, you can measure
Talk to our team for more examples and to see what results you could expect.
2x
Increased career page click-through rate
270%
Increased engagement across communications
91%
Increase in engagement on social media
1.4x
Increase in employee advocacy
              "We were up and running in the first week of go live, it was super quick and the platform is really easy to use."
  
             Why Seenit?
Combining the best of technology and industry-expertise to ensure your success.
Machine-powered meets People-powered
Combine the best of AI tooling to help you create great content quickly, with the authenticity of employee-content.
Over 10 years experience in employee-generated content
Get results faster with 10 years of data and insights built into the platform, and a team of experts available to advise you.
Built to scale with you, from single team to company wide
Designed to help any team have real impact, while building a library of re-usable content to scale across your business.
Explore customer stories
Ready to get started?
See the impact you could have with Seenit.
To learn more about the use of your personal data, read our Privacy Policy.
Frequently asked questions
Why do I need to do this now?
Why is this better than doing it myself?
How quickly can I get started?
Is Seenit expensive?
Can I try it out?
PRODUCT
Seenit vs. Production
ROI calculator
Creative Services
Support
USE CASES
Employer Brand
Internal Communications
Talent Acquisition
Employee Engagement
RESOURCES
Webinars
Reports
Latest articles
Guides
COMPANY
About us
Careers
Awards
Contact us
Copyright © Seenit Digital Limited 2024.
Privacy Policy • Cookie Policy