    "We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope."
- Martin Luther King, Jr.
Web Agency
Marketing Services
Blog
Digital Marketing Resources
Testimonials
About Us
Contact Us
  iAdControl | Create. Contribute. Connect.
            Web Accessibility and Digital Marketing Agency
iAdControl helps you create accessible websites to meet Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
We advise, contribute, and market online businesses by integrating Search Engine Optimisation (SEO).
In a nutshell, we optimise websites to get you connected with all types of potential customers and help grow your business.
Find out more about our Web Development Services

Why is Web Accessibility important?
Over 1 billion people of the world's population live with some form of disability.
Online businesses are losing £17 billion a year by ignoring accessibility needs, known as the 'Click-Away Pound'.
What is SEO and how it works?
SEO is the process of using techniques to obtain higher placement on search engine's result pages to increase your website's visibility.
Find out how Accessibility and SEO are related?

Why work with iAdControl?
Find out about our online marketing benefits?
Happy 35th Anniversary to the World Wide Web in 2024
›› In 1989, Sir Tim Berners-Lee invented the World Wide Web - he put forward his first web proposal at CERN.
›› In 1990, Tim had the first web browser and server running.
›› In 1991, the first website went live to the public.
›› If you are old enough, you may remember the annoying sound of the dial-up Internet.
"The power of the web is in its universality. Access by everyone regardless of disability is an essential aspect."
- Sir Tim Berners-Lee, Inventor of the Web, Computer Scientist
Let's get connected:

           




This web page conforms to W3C HTML 5 and CSS 3 guidelines.
 




Top 10 tips for improving SEO (PDF) 




Accessibility Statement | Sitemap
Cookies & Privacy  |  Digital Events




© iAdControl 2024  |  All Rights Reserved