Unlock your career potential with our free online course for jobseekers – 5 Steps To Work
here.
About us
Clients
Candidates
JobsCollegesBlog & EventsContact usPrivate PA
undefined — undefined
New Year offer
Sign up for free
5 steps to work
5 Steps To Work is an online course designed to help you understand your personal brand and where you potential lies.

Arming you with all the tools and resources to make finding, interviewing and securing your ideal job more achievable!
Anderson Hoare is a recruitment agency in central London with over 25 years’ experience placing high quality temporary and permanent support staff at all levels.
We specialise in connecting high-calibre support staff with some of the top companies in London. Our industry experience and personal approach helps us find the perfect matches in a wide variety of full-time and part-time roles.
Whether you are a company looking to recruit a new PA or EA or a candidate looking for a temporary or permanent administration role - Anderson Hoare can help you find the perfect match.
Services we offer
Salary benchmarking
Background checks
Reference checks
Payroll Services
HR consultancy
Interview screening
Psychometric testing
Enhanced redundancy service
Clients
From the respected and renowned, to the small and fearless, we take pride in our long-standing client relationships with some of the most exciting businesses in the world. Our focus is on forging relationships and matching candidates based on more than just their CV. 
How we work
Candidates
Finding the perfect job is the result of more than just a CV match, it comes from being intuitively paired with a job and company that aligns with your personality, skill set and life goals. We’re here to understand what you want now and in the future and place you in a job quickly and efficiently in an ethical and responsible way. 
What we offer
Join AH Insider
AH Insider is our exclusive assistant community where we share our live jobs, brand affiliations, assistant advice and support and upcoming events. To request to join please emailenquiries@andersonhoare.co.uk
AH Insider
Our blog
Discover what’s going on in London and the latest resources and insider tips for employers, employees and job seekers.
View all latest
Lottie Mayland
15 Nov 2022
recruitment, 2023,Salary inflation, salarySalarysalary reviewInsightSalary SurveysIndustry News
2022 Salary Review
Read more
Lottie Mayland
24 Aug 2022
blog, employee benefits company perksInsight
Does a 4-day working week really work?
Read more
Lottie Mayland
13 Jan 2020
AdviceInsightWork Advice
7 Habits Of Highly Effective Assistants
Read more
@anderson_hoare
Follow us on Instagram
Copyright @2019 Anderson Hoare
25 Eccleston Place
Victoria
London
SW1W 9NF
Get in touch
Meet the team
Looking to recruit?
Privacy