Birmingham +44 (0)871 789 8181 | Aylesbury +44 (0)184 429 5155 info@mobileppl.uk
Your Independent Transport and Logistics Partner
Mobile People.Powered.Logistics is a leading UK transport and logistics provider, committed to supporting your business’s growth with custom solutions that work for everyone. We prioritise high-quality transport services and focus on what our clients need.
Our aim is to lead by example in the transport and logistics field, creating value for everyone involved, from our clients and team members to our partners.
Birmingham to Aylesbury and across the UK
Mobile People Powered Logistics (MPPL) is a leading end to end, high performance Transport and Third Party Logistics business, strategically based in Birmingham West Midlands and Haddenham Buckinghamshire. Specialising in road transport of goods across the UK and Ireland, e-commerce fulfilment, storage and distribution.
Distribution Performance - On Time Deliveries
Year To Date
March
Choose your product

System Distribution - Pallet Network
Discover multi consignment distribution with our Pallet Network service.
Designed to meet the diverse requirements of UK businesses, our Pallet Network optimises the movement of palletised goods.
Ideal for streamlining supply chains with optimum delivery speed and reliability.
Learn More

System Load - Haulage & Full Load Transport
Boost your logistics with our Haulage services across the UK, catering for full load, groupage, and part loads.
Tailored for efficiency and security, we leverage our own fleet and technology to meet your needs, ensuring sensitive timeslots and deadlines are met.
Learn More

System Management - Supply Chain Solutions
Enhance your operations with our innovative Supply Chain Management solutions.
We ensure seamless integration, optimal inventory visibility, timely deliveries and reduced costs through advanced analytics, tailored to your business needs in the UK market.
Learn More

System Store - Storage and Fulfilment
Optimise storage and fulfilment with our services, boosting efficiency and accuracy.
Our secure facilities and advanced WMS ensure safe storage and precise dispatch, catering to your business’s evolving needs for flexibility and reliability.
Learn More
The Mobile PPL Environment Pledge
Each year, we will report our emissions data to show our progress and areas for improvement.
We will dedicate time and resources to researching sustainable technologies and updating our procurement process to make sustainability one of our key purchase motivators.
We will lead the sector in being open and transparent about the environmental challenges the industry faces, and encourage our suppliers, partners and peers to join us.
Latest News
What is logistics
by Ian Jolly | Apr 11, 2024 | Uncategorized
A comprehensive overview of what is logistics What is logistics? Well, if your from the sector, you hopefully have an understanding of what its all about. If your new to it and...
Mobile People.Powered.Logistics Achieves Carbon Neutral Accreditation.
by Ian Jolly | Mar 4, 2024 | Uncategorized
Mobile People.Powered.Logistics Achieves Carbon Neutral Accreditation for the Second Consecutive Year, Certified by Carbon Neutral Britain. In a world where environmental...
Haulage Companies Near Me: Your Premier UK Logistics Partner
by Ian Jolly | Mar 6, 2024 | Uncategorized
Finding a reliable haulage company near you in the UK can be a daunting task amidst a myriad of options. Whether you're an individual, a small business, or a large corporation,...
« Older Entries
Contact
Distribution Centres
Birmingham
Aylesbury
Logistics Centre
Haddenham
Telephone
T: +44 (0)121 624 8181 Brum
T: +44 (0)184 429 5155 Bucks
T: +44 (0)871 789 8181 National
8:00 – 19:00
Services
Next day deliveries
General Haulage
Warehousing & Storage
Transport Services
Amazon Distribution
  Special
Sameday Transport
Hazardous Materials
Dedicated Transport
3PL Logistics
4PL Logistics
Info
Terms & Conditions
Fuel Surcharge
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Anti Slavery Policy
Anti Bribery Policy
Sustainability
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Instagram
A Mobile History
Latest News
RHA Membership Number: 005188-000 | ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 Certified | Registered in England: Company Number 02347762
©1979 – 2024 Möbile People.Powered.Logistics Ltd
A People Powered company.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsAccept