HOME
PFAS-FREE
OVATION
EVOLUTION
GREEN SQUARE
EPOCH
REDO
CATALOG & SELL SHEET
CONTACT
WELCOME TO GREEN WAVE
WE BELIEVE

A GREENER PLANET IS A HEALTHIER PLANET
ABOUT GREEN WAVE
Welcome to Green Wave,
We are the premier choice for high-quality, durable, and eco-friendly dinnerware and serving ware. At Green Wave, we believe a GREENER planet is a HEALTHIER planet. We have always been ahead of the curve when it comes to the environment. We offer a range of tableware in various colors and sizes that are made from 100% degradable materials to ensure the safety of our customers and the environment. We are pioneers in the compostable products industry. If you want to replace the essentials for dining with safer, eco-friendly options, then we’ve got you covered.
When it comes to non-toxic tableware that doesn’t take a toll on your health and the environment,
Green Ware is a brand you can trust.
Eco-Friendly Tableware Options
Making sustainability and product selection a part of the decision-making process has always been our mission. Since its inception in 2001, Green Wave products have been FDA-approved, and they meet ASTM D6400 and D6868 standards. Our tableware products are designed to be composted in a commercial composting facility, and our dome lids are 100% recyclable.
Our Products
Our tableware offering, commonly referred to as bagasse, consists of a menu of plates, platters, bowls, and hinged and take out containers that are available in a variety of configurations, colors, and sizes. Our plant-based compostable products are made from either sugarcane or a gluten-free wheat/sugar cane blend, which makes them a better, safer, and healthier alternative to the traditional plastic polypropylene and polystyrene products. The following are some of the eco-friendly products that we offer.
FEATURED PRODUCTS
OVATION TABLEWARE
Our plates, bowls, hinged containers, and 5 or 6-compartment school trays boast of a premium marbled look. All products are made from eco-friendly sugarcane and gluten-free wheat stalk. The Ovation Tableware is an excellent choice for hot or cold food.
WHITE BAGASSE TABLEWARE
Evolution products are made from sustainable sugarcane resources and have a clean, crisp, and bright white finish. This lineup of tableware offers a 5-compartment school tray and an assortment of plates, bowls, and other tableware for your every need.
GREEN SQUARE PLATES
For a polished presentation, our Green Square rectangular accent plates and square plates fit the bill to showcase your culinary delights. This pearl white lineup is made from biodegradable sugarcane resources and is certified compostable.
EPOCH CUTLERY
A full range of Epoch cutlery is available in various sizes for your cooking and presentation needs. Full-size cutlery is available in premium white or black. Our mid-size cutlery is available in luxe white. You can choose from bulk, individually wrapped, or packaged kits. Epoch Cutlery is the perfect choice for hot and cold foods, and it is made from CPLA (corn starch).
REDO TABLEWARE
This compostable product line is made from high-quality recycled paper and retains the natural brown color from the paper pulp. Boasting of a denim-like texture and natural colors, the Redo Tableware is just what you need for casual occasions.
REPURPOSE LIDS
Premium quality lids complement our plates, bowls, and portion cups. The attractive lids have been brilliantly designed to be strong, stackable, and excellent for covering hot or cold foods. Our dome lids are made from PET and are 100% recyclable.
PFAS-FREE
PFAS (Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances) are synthetic chemicals in some food packaging, including non-stick coatings.
GALLERY
WHY GREEN WAVE?

The following are just some of the reasons you should always choose Green Wave for premium quality and eco-friendly tableware.
PIONEERS IN THE COMPOSTABLE PRODUCTS INDUSTRY

Green Wave is proud of our reputation of being considered the leaders in the compostable products industry. We manufacture and distribute the most environmentally friendly tableware in an assortment of colors and sizes to those who want to do their part for the environment.
FAST DELIVERY

We operate highly efficient plants and have distribution centers located strategically all across the United States. This enhances our reach and enables us to offer a more consistent and reliable service.
ELIMINATE CONTACT WITH HARMFUL TOXINS

We come from a place that prides itself on eco-friendly values. Our lineup of biodegradable tableware and cutlery is a safe alternative to the traditional plastic polypropylene and polystyrene options. This means you can keep your family or customers safe from the chemicals and toxins that leach on to the food when it is placed in plastic polypropylene and polystyrene tableware. Our tableware does not contain any of the harmful and toxic chemical compounds that are found in plastic.
DECREASES LANDFILL MASS

Green Wave believes that we should all do our part to make our environment better for future generations. This is why we offer environmentally-friendly and biodegradable plates and cutlery that do not pollute the environment or pile up in landfills.
REDUCES OCEAN POLLUTION

Plastic polypropylene and polystyrene products are not only destroying our land, but they are also wreaking havoc to our oceans. According to estimates, 8 million metric tons of plastics enter our ocean each year. This plastic ends up killing irreplaceable marine life and destroying coral. Seeing the destruction that plastic is doing to our environment, using eco-friendly alternatives is a no-brainer.
WHAT WE DO
We designed our premium compostable tableware products from the left-over materials of corn, sugarcane and/or wheat harvests. Nothing goes to waste
PFAS-FREE
PFAS (Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances) are synthetic chemicals in some food packaging, including non-stick coatings. PFAS-free plates do not contain these potentially harmful substances, reducing the risk of PFAS exposure. This can contribute to improved consumer health and food safety.
READ MORE
OVATION
Plates, bowls, hinged containers and 5 or 6-compartment school trays. Upscale marbled look. Products made from sugarcane and gluten-free wheat stalk. Excellent for hot or cold...
READ MORE
EVOLUTION
Evolution products are made from sugarcane resources and have a clean, crisp, bright white finish. This line offers a 5-compartment school tray and an assortment of...
READ MORE
GREEN SQUARE
For a polished presentation, our Green Square square plates and rectangular accent plate fit-the-bill to showcase your culinary delights. This pearl white line is made from...
READ MORE
EPOCH
Certified compostable cutlery made from CPLA (corn starch). Full-size cutlery is available in white or black; mid-size cutlery is available in white. Choose from bulk, individually...
READ MORE
REDO
This compostable product line is made from recycled paper and retains the natural brown color from the paper pulp. The denim-like texture and natural color make...
READ MORE
REPURPOSE
Premium quality lids complement our plates, bowls and portion cups. These good-looking lids are brilliant clarity, strong, stackable, and excellent for hot or cold foods. Our...
READ MORE
ECO-FRIENDLY SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR TABLEWARE
Green Wave Products are FDA approved and meet ASTM D6400 and D6868 standards. Our tableware products are designed to be composted in a commercial composting facility, and our dome lids are 100% recylable. Check with your city’s waste management company to see if composting is part of your service.
GET IN TOUCH
To find out more about our products and services, please feel free to send us an email to greenwave@greenwave.us.com
SEND EMAIL
About Us
Green Wave believes a GREENER planet is a HEALTHIER planet, which is why we designed our premium compostable tableware products from the left-over materials of corn, sugarcane and/or wheat harvests. Nothing goes to waste.
Quick Links
Home
PFAS-Free
Ovation
Evolution
Green Square
Epoch
Redo
Catalog & Sell Sheet
Contact
Corporate Headquarters
     Brooklyn Army Terminal
     Brooklyn, Ny 11220
greenwave@greenwave.us.com
West Coast Office
     895 S. Azusa Avenue
     City of Industry, CA 91748
greenwave@greenwave.us.com
Hong Kong Office
HongKong-Office@greenwave.us.com
© Copyright 2019 Green Wave International. All Rights Reserved | Web Design By 24/7 NY Web Design