We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agreeI declineChange my preferences
Speak to us on: 0114 266 6660
Contact us
Business Legal Services
Personal Legal Services
About us
Latest News
Latest Events
Advice Centre
Clients
Contact
WorkSense
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
Welcome to Wake Smith
Legal advice from Sheffield’s commercial & personal law experts
Commercial
Personal
Podcast
Newsletter
About Us
Ask us a question

Wake Smith Solicitors is one of South Yorkshire’s leading firms of solicitors
Wake Smith is one of South Yorkshire’s leading firms of solicitors, based in Sheffield for over 200 years. The firm has built an enviable reputation for forging successful professional relationships. Understanding key business and individual legal needs has enabled Wake Smith to maintain and enhance its status as a leading firm of solicitors in Sheffield.
Our people
Careers with Wake Smith
Our values
Accreditations
History
Partnerships
Environmental Responsibilities
  Areas of expertise
Trusted in Yorkshire since 1802
We’re here to help
COMMERCIAL
PERSONAL
Commercial Property
Our experienced commercial property solicitors in Sheffield act on both major developments and small businesses and individuals in taking short term leases of premises.
EXPLORE
Company Commercial
Our team of company and commercial solicitors in Sheffield provide clear and understandable legal advice to businesses across a range of sectors.
EXPLORE
Video
A Special
Yorkshire Law Firm
Wake Smith Solicitors is a special Yorkshire law firm, being in Sheffield for over 200 years. Watch our video to find out more about us and what we do.
  The Wake Smith team
Our people
Wake Smith Solicitors has more than 40 experienced legal professionals; including solicitors, associates, consultants and chartered legal executives providing the legal expertise and practical law advice that our clients need and value.
Many of the firm's directors and solicitors are rated as experts in their particular area of law.
View All
John Baddeley
Director in Company Commercial
Laura Bathgate
HR Manager
John Breeze
Director and Head of Will, Trust & Inheritance Disputes
Latest
Keep up to date
With our news
and events
Wake Smith corporate work shortlisted in South Yorkshire Dealmakers Awards 2024
Wake Smith helps garden centre purchase come to fruition
Wake Smith chairman to become High Sheriff of South Yorkshire
Testimonials
Contact
Get In Touch
Get expert legal advice from one of Sheffield’s most respected law firms, Wake Smith Solicitors.
Our team of friendly, professional solicitors in Sheffield City Centre can provide support and advice in a wide range of areas for you and your business. Call our Sheffield Solicitors on 0114 266 6660 or fill out the simple form below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
For all media enquiries, please contact Abby Worsnip or Billy Greenhalgh at www.agentpr.co.uk.
Important – Please read our privacy notice for more information on how we use your data.
Name
Email
Phone number
Message
Enter image text
Contact us
0114 266 6660
No1 Velocity
2 Tenter Street
Sheffield
S1 4BY
Send us an email Enquiry
Sitemap
Home
Business Legal Services
Personal Legal Services
About us
Latest News
Latest Events
Advice Centre
Clients
Contact
Extra Links
Privacy Policy
Complaints Procedure
Diversity Report 2023
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Regulatory Information
Website Management
Sitemap
© Wake Smith. 2014 - 2024
svg{fill:#ffffff;transition:0.2s}svg:hover{fill:#8cc72c}