Home
Services
Our Process
Team
Portfolio
Blog
Testimonials
Contact
DIGITAL
MARKETING STRATEGY
LEARN MORE
Digital Design Agency
Award-winning Westchester based digital design agency creating beautifully designed, hard-working websites and print marketing collateral.
READ MORE
Our Services
Mobile/Responsive Web Design
We deliver beautifully crafted mobile/responsive, interactive web sites focused on great design, targeted content and a great user experience. More than 65% of searchers today use mobile search only.
Marketing Strategy
Your marketing strategy is the roadmap for your business’s success. Our brand consultants will develop a core understanding your brand’s unique value proposition— your brand story, delivery and why your audience should care. We’ll guide you from concept through the completed project.
Identity and Branding
Your brand must be instantly recognizable and memorable. Our award-winning graphic design team will create branding that will deliver lasting and immediate recognition by your target audience.
Adwords, SEO & SEM, Analytics
Our expert research and analytics professionals provide the insights you need to understand the return on your digital marketing investments, including web analytics, advertising analytics and social media analytics and more.
Content Development
Informed by SEO analytics, our experienced team of writers will research organize write and edit your brand’s web or advertising information for optimized and memorable web publication.
Video and Photography
Our team of award winning videographers and editors deliver video services including  explainer videos, corporate and commercial videos, and promotional videos. Services include on-site video shoots as well as creation of animated features.
The SCG Team
Mark Tothill
Web Designer
Enjoys coding and decoding websites. HTML purist, CSS wizard
Karen Spencer
President, Creative Director
Karen believes that good design isn’t pretty—good design solves problems and makes things clear.
John Sanabria
Senior Art Director
John’s uncanny design sense delights our clients. He is our Photoshop guru.
Portfolio
SEE MORE
Our Blog
Posted on 09 Jun 2018
0 Comments
admin
A Need for (More!) Speed—2018 Update
Image compression is one of the (multiple) keys to a quick-loading website. A very kind reader sent me an excellent update below. We love hearing from readers! From  Anna G.— I was using the picture compressor tool you mentioned on […]
CONTINUE READING
Posted on 15 Jan 2018
0 Comments
admin
Design Trends 2018
Every year at about this time, the new design trends are predicted. This year everything old is new! Which is kind of a good thing. These trends include gradients (which we have not seen for years) but now in brighter […]
CONTINUE READING
Posted on 15 Jun 2017
0 Comments
admin
Logo Trends 2017
About this time last year, I posted about logo trends for 2016. We are in for a treat because LogoLounge, the world’s largest logo search engine, which is a members only site, has published and shared its data on logo trends for 2017.
CONTINUE READING
Contact Us
New Rochelle, NY 10804
914 273-9517
Mail
Get in touch
Copyright © 2017 spencercreativegroup. All Rights Reserved.