Home
News
About
Platform
More
Log in or subscribe
info@prima.trade
Cash against data
Our mission is to enable leading CFOs and corporate treasurers to digitize and strengthen their enterprise financial supply chains.
Our clients range from mid-sized companies to large multinational corporates. They typically generate savings of 1%+ on the cost of goods and significant amounts of additional working capital, whilst operationalizing ESG compliance ("cash against compliance") across their supply chain.
Our award-winning and secure platform is modern and easy to use. Our "cash against data" solution can go live without disturbing existing operational processes and without an initial IT project.
Find out more
PrimaTrade in one minute
Who uses our platform?
Finance and corporate treasury teams that want to:
have comprehensive financial supply chain visibility, enterprise-wide
manage supplier payments efficiently, saving 1%+ on spend
automate and extend SCF and dynamic discounting
verify ESG compliance at scale (down to product-level)
Our platform can be implemented to achieve full compliance with the ICC's digital trade standards - (see more here: URDTT).
We are IT-light and we generate positive returns for our clients from day one. Our platform scales from global MNCs down to SMEs.
Contact us
Digitizing trade - it is easier than you think!
Each time suppliers ship, they upload and self-digitize their paperwork on our secure portal. That's everything: transport documents, packing lists, invoices, purchase orders, certificates, bills of materials, supply chain maps, inspection reports etc
This provides amazing, structured and rich transaction data across the whole enterprise to drive forecasting, planning, automated payment approvals, and ESG compliance - both inland and cross-border, both services and products.
Go live without an initial IT project.
  Simply introduce your suppliers to us, we switch them on, data flows, savings can be generated.
Team
We digitise trade by getting suppliers to self-digitise their paperwork. Our technology enables supply chains to be run more efficiently and more ethically - generating savings for buyers, democratising the treatment of suppliers and driving new levels of reporting for ESG and sustainability.
Our senior management team has decades of experience across supply chain, sourcing, trade and the working capital - and a unique perspective on the future of supply chain management. 
Kris Van Broekhoven
Chief Executive
Kris has 25 years' experience in trade and supply chain and was formerly Global Head of Commodies at Citibank after leading Deutsche Bank's structured commodity finance business in Europe.
  In 2021, Kris decided to leave banking and use his experience, connections and knowledge to work on the digitisation challenge in trade finance. Before joining PrimaTrade as CEO, he was CFO at Komgo.

Kris brings product knowledge, leadership, network, and presence to PrimaTrade, especially amongst the trade finance and banking communities, natural funding partners for our platform.
Tim Nicolle
Founder & Chief Product Officer
Tim founded Demica and has held senior roles at Deutsche Bank and Unicredit in London and was a partner in PwC. 
  Tim brings detailed business knowledge, organizational skills and experience. He founded PrimaTrade after seeing how operational and data problems across supply chains lead to unequal treatment of suppliers. He realised that fixing the data problem could then drive a significant democratisation of the supports available to suppliers, levelling the playing field and helping to address the global SME financing gap in trade.
  Tim is the lead creative force behind the company’s products.
Nigel Davies
Chief Technology Officer
Nigel has held senior roles with Demica followed by BCS and First Data.
  Nigel has extensive experience in agile software development and building high performance data-driven platforms in banking and corporate environments.
  Nigel leads our technology teams and drives the engineering work that ensures our multi-tenanted platform performs for clients. PrimaTrade uses modern and proven models for scalability including a micro-services architecture supported by distributed processing, clustering and containerisation to ensure that our users around the world get a first class experience.
Why digitize your enterprise financial supply chain?
The financial supply chain covers purchase order matching, invoices, transport documents, compliance and ESG documents, supplier finance, payments and relating financing documents.
  Our platform captures all financial supply chain transactions across all carriers, forwarders, geographies, products, ERPs, brands, categories and suppliers. Manage FX risks, cash flows, sourcing, forecasting and logistics  - top down rather than the bottom up.
Offer early payment at shipment to all your suppliers  and save an additional 1%+ on spend using "cash against data". If you already have an SCF program, keep your existing funders and platform, we can enhance your program without changing any of these.
Meet new ESG regulations, track the credentials of products and services that you source; collect and evidence ESG characteristics at product or SKU level.
Our clients include:
Contact us
Please use the form on the right to ask us any questions that you have.
  If you prefer, you can just hit the button to send us an email:
Send an email
Alternatively, you can book yourself directly in for a demo or a  call here:
Book a call
First name
Last name
Company
Email
Phone
Your message
Send
Privacy policy
info@prima.trade
©2022-23 by PrimaTrade Systems Limited