Previous
Next
The Garden and Grounds Maintenance Specialists
S.K. Landscapes & Maintenance Ltd is a FairTrades approved garden and grounds maintenance company with extensive experience of managing residential developments, educational facilities and high-end private properties. We offer a complete maintenance service delivered by experienced and skilled gardeners. The business has been successfully running since 1987 and covers the London Borough of Bromley and Sevenoaks. SKLM also specialise in soft landscape projects, which include; planting schemes, turfing and irrigation.
Who we are
S.K. Landscapes & Maintenance Ltd. is a well-established gardening company in Bromley. The company is family run-and-managed with an experienced and qualified team of gardeners and grounds maintenance operatives.
What we do
The S.K. Landscapes & Maintenance Ltd. prides itself on delivering a personal and professional service. The workforce is formed of skilled and hard working gardeners who work in dedicated teams to maintain grounds and gardens to the highest quality.
Where we work
S.K. Landscapes & Maintenance Ltd. covers the London Borough of Bromley and Sevenoaks. From large-scale residential developments and educational facilities to high-end private gardens, the company provides an exemplary service.
Our Approach
Our approach is to provide a holistic service encompassing all elements of garden and grounds maintenance. We will deliver a personal and professional service with regular site inspections and meetings with customers. Our operatives are skilled and hard working with horticultural and machinery expertise. We always endever to maintain grounds and gardens to the highest standards.
Services
Garden and Grounds Maintenance
Garden and Planting Design
Planting Specialists
Micro-Irrigation
Mulching
Areas Covered
Beckenham
Bromley
Chelsfield
Chislehurst
Croydon
Keston
Orpington
Sevenoaks
Sundridge
Westerham
Contact Us
Please contact our friendly,
professional and experienced team
Phone : 020 8462 7800
Email : enquiries@sklandscapes.co.uk