(712) 256-2279  
Custom Home Builder › Luxury Renovations
Council Bluffs • Omaha • Southwest Iowa
Cherry Ridge Construction is a custom home builder and professional construction company based in Council Bluffs, Iowa. We’ve served the Omaha – Council Bluffs Metro area since 2002.
We are committed to help you live better by building an enduring home with spaces – that offer inspiration in the mornings, relaxation in the evenings and help you make the best of memories with your friends and family.
To fulfill that mission, we promise to show up in service bringing creativity and craftsmanship to help build the home you want within the budget you need.
We believe every detail matters, and that you deserve a construction partner you can trust.
I’d love to get to know you and help with your next construction project!
Chris Rochleau – President
Chris Rochleau is an award-winning builder and holds the following designations from the National Association of Home Builders – Certified Graduate Builder (CGB) • Certified Graduate Remodeler (CGR) • Certified Green Professional (CGP) • Certified Aging in Place Specialist (CAPS). Cherry Ridge Construction is a member of the Council Bluffs Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Home Builders, the Council Bluffs Buildign Trades Association and the National Association of The Remodeling Industry.
        There’s something special about building your own home. It’s yours. And you want what you want. We help you get what you want at a price you can afford. Your home may be your biggest investment, and it’s definitely not one to leave to chance. Our team has the experience you need to ensure a very successful construction project. Let us help make your dream home become a reality. 
Request a Proposal
View More Projects
Virtual Home Tours
Custom Homes • Residential Remodeling • Shop + House (Shouse) • House & Building Additions • Commercial Remodeling • Commercial Buildings • Retail Stores • Strip Malls • Office Spaces • Sports & Entertainment Facilities • Multifamily • Multi-tenant • Industrial Facilities • Agricultural Buildings • Metal Buildings • Specialty Construction
Request a Proposal
Navigation
Custom Homes
Floor Plans
Building Process
Energy Efficiency
Standards
Services
Remodeling
Commercial
Gallery
Virtual Tours
About
Why CRC
Testimonials
FAQ
Blog
Contact
About Us
Cherry Ridge Construction was founded on the concept that every client deserves to be treated like he or she is a dear friend. We view the traditional concept of “Contractor/Client” relationship differently. Our approach is not to just build things, but to build lifetime relationships with our clients.
Contact Us
Cherry Ridge Construction
1425 9th Ave.
Council Bluffs, IA 51501
Phone (712) 256-2279
Fax (402) 939-0439
 © 2024 by Cherry Ridge Construction - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Website Design by Visigility