Tel 01634 268880
Email Zendrill here
Navigate to...
Home
Menu
– About Us
– Scaffolding Blog
– Gallery
– Testimonials
– Links
Contact Us
Welcome to Zendrill Scaffolding, a professional and friendly scaffolding company based in Gillingham, Kent.
We specialise in all types of scaffolding and have been established for nearly 40 years.  Any size scaffolding job undertaken from a small terraced house front to a hanging scaffold underneath Rochester’s Railway Bridge or scaffolding a block of 250 flats in East London, please look at our scaffolding gallery.
A scaffolding company that operate throughout Kent, Sussex and South East London, anywhere within 1 ½ hours radius from our yard.
Quality has been the secret to our success; we pride ourselves with the high levels of customer repeat business and quality staff retention.
All our scaffolding operatives are trained in house with certification and testing by the Construction Industry Training Board. They are constantly monitored to keep up our high standards. All our scaffolders hold CISRS cards, and each gang consist of at least one “Advanced Scaffolder” and “First Aider”.
We are fully compliant with all the latest Construction (Design and Management) regulations, Work at Height regulation and up to date with the latest N.A.S.C. TG20:13/ SG04:15.
Also we have our own internal bespoke scaffolding design service for fast turnaround scaffold drawings and calculations. We can arrange weekly scaffolding inspections, tie test certificates, handing over certificates, risk assessments, method statements and all the relevant paperwork necessary to comply with the latest legislation.
Should your scaffolding request be on a public highway or pavement, we take the headache away from you the customer by applying for the permit and paying the necessary fees/deposits and liaising with the local authority as to their requirements, providing lights, alarms, foam padding protection, protection fans, barriers, hoarding, out of hours working or any other stipulations made by them.

We also hire out Heras fencing + rubbish chutes & organise scaffold hoists, Health & Safety Policy available on request.
For a FREE scaffolding estimate or advice on scaffolding related issues,
please contact us on
Tel 01634 268880
please contact Lewis on
Mob 07769 221449
please contact Ben on
Mob 07876 548471
Email Zendrill here
A scaffolding estimate can usually be given over the phone, or we can arrange a free scaffolding site survey and provide a written scaffolding estimate.
  You must be logged in to post a comment
About Us
Contact Us
Gallery
Homepage
Links
Testimonials
Scaffolding Kent
Scaffolding Companies Kent
Scaffolding Contractors Kent
Scaffolding
Copyright © 2015 - 2024 Zendrill Limited. All Rights Reserved : Web Design Company Webexpand