Heidi Mitchell Golf
Book a Lesson
Golf Lessons
Golf Clinics
Rent a Simulator
May 2024 Clinics
The following clinics are available in May! Monday May 6th SHORT GAME 6:30-8:00 ……$50 Stone Mountain Golf Club A clinic on putting, chipping, and pitching. Putting the ball in the hole. Chipping it close. Pitching it on the green. This is the gate way to the full...
read more
Golf Tips – What is Bounce and How Should I Use It?…
Learn what "bounce" is and how to choose the right amount of it to use depending on the surface you are playing from around the green. What Is Bounce? It is the angle formed between the leading edge and the trailing edge of a wedge (sand wedge, pitching wedge, etc.)...
read more
7 Tips For Women Who Want To Start Playing Golf For the First Time…
Sometimes getting started with golf can be overwhelming to the first time golfer and sometimes even more overwhelming to the first time female golfer. The following tips are shared in hopes that they can help you get started playing a sport that you can enjoy your...
read more
View All Tips & News
After 26 years of experience, Heidi can lower your golf score!
Heidi Mitchell is a LPGA Class A golf professional with over 26 years of experience in teaching golf. Heidi can bring your game to a new level by teaching the fundamentals, psychology and functional body movement of golf based on each student’s individual learning style. She uses techniques learned from highly acclaimed golf instructors and organizations such as Jimmy Ballard, David Leadbetter, Dr. Gary Wiren, Jim McLean, Dr. Debbie Crews, The LPGA, and The Titleist Performance Institute. Heidi, along with her LPGA Class A status is on the NIKE golf staff, is a TPI level II instructor, US Kids certified instructor as well as a PGA Hope Veteran program instructor and a GSGA adaptive golf instructor.
Learn More
What People Are Saying...



(678) 637-2802
Heidi Mitchell Golf
3254 Clubside View Ct SW
Snellville, GA 30039
Copyright ©2023 - Heidi Mitchell Golf. All rights reserved.
Internet Presence by Main Street Marketing
Get Tips & Promos
Name*
First
Last
Email*