Interiors
by Deborah Edwards Design
Deborah Edwards Design is the approved local stockist in the Cardiff and surrounding areas for a number of the best known and loved suppliers of fabrics, wallpapers, paints, carpets and rugs.
We can help you create rooms which are beautiful, functional and full of personality. Whether it’s just providing advice on the best fabric to use to achieve the look you desire, supplying paint and wall coverings, or managing your complete interior design project, we’re here to help to create a space you’ll fall in love with.
Create Your Perfect Space
Take the first steps towards creating your perfect space. Discover our products from the comfort of your own home using our sampling service or visit our Cardiff showroom to explore the latest collections with Deborah.
Request an appointment
We’ve built our reputation over the years thanks to our expert knowledge, choosing the very best suppliers, and providing customer service that’s second to none.
We work across Cardiff, The Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales and West Wales
Come and Explore Our Designer Collections
We can only ever show you a small part of the stocks we hold through our website, so please be sure to visit our Cardiff showroom and explore the latest collections in person.
Many of the fabrics we can supply are not available to purchase online and nothing can replace the tactile experience of holding the fabric in your hand.
Whether you are looking to organise an in store browsing session with Deborah, wanting to enquire about our made-to-measure service, or you’re hoping to engage in our interior design service, get in touch today.
Fabrics
We only supply premium and high-end curtain and upholstery fabric from the leading design houses. We can source a range of printed, textured and plain fabrics suitable for curtains and upholstery, suitable for creating luxurious interiors for both private and corporate clients.
More…
Paint and Wallpaper
Whatever room you are decorating, we can supply sumptuous, highly pigmented paints, through to a diverse collection of wallpapers and wall coverings from our range of carefully chosen suppliers.
More…
Made-to-Measure Services
With an eye for detail and a passion for perfection we pride ourselves on our bespoke made-to-measure service. Rest easy knowing that your fabrics are in safe hands and the results will be perfection.
More…
Interior Design Services
Whether you’re embarking on a complete home refurbishment or updating just one room it can be pretty daunting prospect, but it doesn’t have to be. Deborah Edwards Design will draw on experience to create a truly bespoke and luxurious space to compliment.
More…
Testimonials
“From viewing Deborah Edwards Design website and online Instagram posts, then messaging my interest and arranging an appointment with Deborah in person, I can honestly say that when I received my blinds, they were beyond what I had imagined.
They are simply stunning and I’ve received so many compliments about them. They have transformed the living room and the blackout blind installed in the bedroom has been a lifesaver for afternoon naps since the arrival of our little man.”
Sarah Creed
Supplying the Very Best of British and European Brands
A Rum Fellow Alternative Flooring Andrew Martin Ashley Wilde Bradley Collection Byron and Byron Christian Lacroix Christopher Farr Clarke and Clarke Cole and Son Colefax and Fowler Cormar Crucial Trading Designers Guild Drapes Fenwick and Tilbrook GP Baker Hallis Hudson Harlequinn House of Arley House of Hackney Ian Mankin Jacarander Jane Churchill Juliet Travers KAI Fabric Larsen Lewis and Wood Linwood Fabrics Luxaflex Manuel Canovas Mark Alexander Mulberry Naturalmat Osbourne and Little Peony and Sage Pierre Frey Ralph Lauren Romo Sanderson Silent Gliss Sophie Cooney Threads Ulster William Morris William Yeoward Zoffany
Load More
Follow on Instagram
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms & Conditions
©2024 Deborah Edwards Design | Cardiff, Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales, and West Wales