HOME

STERLING RIDING ACADEMY

Come experience the wonderful world of horses with us!

ABOUT US


Sterling Riding Academy is an equestrian training center located in Woodland, California. We offer riding instruction for all levels of riders- from riders starting with their first day in the saddle to riders training for competition- our proven curriculum and dedicated instructors will help you achieve your
horsemanship goals!


SERVICES

We offer a variety of lessons and levels of instruction from group to private instruction. We also offer summer horse camps.
Our dedicated lesson horses have experience with all level of riders.


SERVICES

ROOKIE RIDER

Students learn beginning riding and horsemanship skills. Riders learn how to correctly and safely ride at the walk and trot. This class is suited to riders with minimal riding experience.


LEG UP

Leg Up riders have mastered the basics of starting, stopping and steering a horse. They can walk and should be comfortable in the trot. These riders are learning patterns and are starting to learn to canter.


HOOFBEATS

Hoofbeats riders are comfortable with riding at the walk, trot and canter. Riders know their diagonals and canter leads. Course work includes beginning dressage
and cavalleti.


FULL STRIDE

Full Stride riders can ride independently at the walk, trot and canter. Posting diagonals and canter leads are mastered. Riders at this level have a solid understanding of basic dressage movements and have begun jumping courses.


SUMMER CAMP

Participants in our camps learn more than just how to ride...all aspects of horsemanship are explored! We offer challenging hands-on programs where young riders can master the basics of horsemanship, learn unmounted skills and develop skill in the saddle.
Camps are available at the beginning to intermediate level and are offered in half-day and full-day programs.


BOARDING AND LEASING


Boarding is available for horses enrolled in our lesson and training programs and for riders who share our horsemanship passion and goals.

Leasing is available for our dedicated year round riders who are interested in progressing their horsemanship skills.




GALLERY

CONTACT US

22444 County Road 102, Woodland, CA. 95776
530-908-1966
Learn2ride@yahoo.com







SUBMIT

Sterling Riding Academy

22444 COUNTY ROAD 102, WOODLAND, CA. 95776
530-908-1966
LEARN2RIDE@YAHOO.COM

Contact Us