Service Design Network
Discover all Chapters
Chapters
Welcome to the Service Design Network
Latest content
HEADLINE
Call for Media and Publications Advisory Board | Submit until May 14
02 MAY 2024
The SDN is seeking to establish a Media and Publications Advisory Board and is now accepting applications for Board members.
CONTINUE READING
HEADLINE
SDN Member Month - May 2024
30 APRIL 2024
May 2024 is an exceptional time at the Service Design Network (SDN) – it's Members Month, and we're extending a warm welcome to all service design enthusiasts! This month-long celebration is brimming with exclusive benefits and presents a remarkable opportunity to join our dynamic community at a discounted rate.
CONTINUE READING
HEADLINE
Service Design Global Conference 2024 - Get Early Bird tickets until May 31
29 APRIL 2024
Early Bird tickets for the Service Design Global Conference (SDGC24) are available for sale.
CONTINUE READING
HEADLINE
Boost your knowledge of sustainability, facilitation, leadership, and service design!
19 APRIL 2024
Here is what's coming up at the SDN Academy this Spring! Join us for Facilitating Creative Sessions, Service Design Leadership Lab, Service Design Practitioner Curriculum or Socially Sustainable Services. Get ready to elevate your service design expertise and stay ahead of the curve with our upcoming courses.
CONTINUE READING
UPCOMING EVENTS
SDN ACADEMY EVENTS
Facilitating Creative Sessions
16 MAY 2024 - ONLINE
"Facilitating Creative Sessions" is a comprehensive course that prepares participants to lead effective group sessions in creative processes by teaching them essential facilitation skills. This course, designed for designers and professionals, combines theory, practical exercises, and feedback to improve facilitation techniques and soft skills.
View Event
SDN GLOBAL CAFÉ
SDN Global Café: The Design of Public Services in Ireland
14 MAY 2024 - ZOOM
Next edition of SDN Global Café will take place on May 14, 2024. Join us and find out more about Design of Public Services in Ireland.
View Event
ALL EVENTS
Discover Service Design Network
Touchpoint Journal
Touchpoint is the first and only journal dedicated to the practice of service design. Published by practitioners for practitioners, Touchpoint is essential reading for both newcomers and seasoned experts alike.
Dive into Touchpoint
Local Chapters
Looking to connect with your local peers? SDN chapters are vibrant communities where service designers can connect, create and exchange knowledge on a regional level. Join one of the existing chapters or build a new one in your country or area.
Find your local chapter
Personal Profile
Make your mark! Create your profile and establish yourself within the SDN community! With your profile on our website, you will be visible to a global community of service design newcomers and experts; potential clients, peers and partners.
Meet our community
Community Knowledge
Learn more from and about the individuals and organisations that make up the SDN network. Interviews with members of the community can be found here as well as insights from many more concerning the latest news, trends, tools and techniques shaking up the industry.
We want to hear from you too! Join the conversation by sharing your thought pieces today. 
Browse their latest articles
LATEST JOBS
Business Designer Customer Interaction (m/f/x)
16 JANUARY 2024 - MÜLHEIM AN DER RUHR
With more than 7,000 stores in 11 different countries, ALDI SOUTH is one of the world’s largest food retailers. It is our mission to supply our customers with high-quality food at the best possible prices. In doing so, we follow our own unique concept of consistency, simplicity and responsibility. ALDI SOUTH IT ensures that everything runs smoothly, from the IT infrastructure to the software used, at both national and international level. Within the scope of transnational projects, our experts develop IT solutions for worldwide deployment at ALDI SOUTH.
View Job
Service Design Squad Lead (m/f/x)
16 JANUARY 2024 - MÜLHEIM AN DER RUHR
With more than 7,000 stores in 11 different countries, ALDI SOUTH is one of the world’s largest food retailers. It is our mission to supply our customers with high-quality food at the best possible prices. In doing so, we follow our own unique concept of consistency, simplicity and responsibility. ALDI SOUTH IT ensures that everything runs smoothly, from the IT infrastructure to the software used, at both national and international level. Within the scope of transnational projects, our experts develop IT solutions for worldwide deployment at ALDI SOUTH.
View Job
Customer Interaction (m/f/x)
16 JANUARY 2024 - MÜLHEIM AN DER RUHR
With more than 7,000 stores in 11 different countries, ALDI SOUTH is one of the world’s largest food retailers. It is our mission to supply our customers with high-quality food at the best possible prices. In doing so, we follow our own unique concept of consistency, simplicity and responsibility. ALDI SOUTH IT ensures that everything runs smoothly, from the IT infrastructure to the software used, at both national and international level. Within the scope of transnational projects, our experts develop IT solutions for worldwide deployment at ALDI SOUTH.
View Job
Business Design Strategist
06 DECEMBER 2023 - REMOTE
Provide strategic input on human-centered approaches to designing solutions and delivering business value on projects. Coach designers and business partners through a collaborative design process.
View Job
ALL JOBS
LATEST CASE STUDIES
CASE STUDY
Designing for unexpected and stressful medical situations
13 DECEMBER 2023
Imagine you are on holiday with your loved ones and all of a sudden an accident happens. You are in need of medical help in a foreign country, a highly stressful and emotional situation in an unfamiliar environment. So what do you do?

Service Designer Erik van Zoelen, Noortje Hartman, Eddo Siep, Angelo Verbeek, Hidde Burgmans
Service Provider Koos Service Design
Industry Healthcare
CONTINUE READING
CASE STUDY
Experience model for the network of robotic click-and-collect drives
01 DECEMBER 2023
Designing the magical experience that would redefine the delivery of groceries and would become a well-known benchmark for the whole category.

Service Designer Filip Makowiecki - Lead UX & Service Designer - Izabela Styburska - Project Manager - Marta Krokoszyńska - Lead Researcher - Hanna Bielerzewska - UX Writer - Agnieszka Olek - CX Strategist - Dawid Wiener - Research Strategist
Service Provider Cogision
Industry Retail
CONTINUE READING
CASE STUDY
Transforming a Mobility Insurance Claim Experience through Service Design
30 NOVEMBER 2023
Managing post-accident emotional stress complicates motor claims. Incomplete processes cause delays, fraud, and communication problems. In KSA, disjointed systems hinder data and compliance. Focus on empathy and integration for improved insurance service.

Service Designer Arwa Hussein
Service Provider
Industry Financial Services
CONTINUE READING
CASE STUDY
Early Childhood Delivery Dashboard
29 NOVEMBER 2023
How can we ensure that regardless of the "entrance gate", pregnant women, children aged 0 to 3 years and their caregivers are cared for in a comprehensive and integrated way?

Service Designer Futurar & Talking City
Service Provider Fundação Maria Cecilia Souto Vidigal
Industry Healthcare
CONTINUE READING
ALL CASE STUDIES
Insider Newsletter
Stay updated on what's new in the service design community. The SDN Insider is a regular newsletter delivering a free service design digest, enthralling interviews with field experts, interesting case studies and articles from our library, as well as the most current service design news, job postings and events from all around the world.
Subscribe
What is Insider Newsletter?
Get your personal profile
Become a Member
Full access to all content types Your personal profile in our network Discount on our events 
TO TOP
CONTACT US
FAQ
IMPRINT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
LINKEDIN
TWITTER
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR
NEWSLETTER
© 2024 Service Design Network | Website By Rodesk & Webparking