Contact Us Customer Service: 1-844-937-7374
LAP-BAND
LAP-BAND 2.0 FLEX
RESHAPE CALIBRATION TUBES
INVESTORS
COMPANY
Transformative Technologies
for the Treatment Continuum
ReShape Lifesciences® is a worldwide premier weight-loss solutions company, offering an integrated portfolio of proven products and services that manage and treat obesity and metabolic disease.
The FDA-approved Lap-Band® program provides minimally invasive, long-term treatment of obesity and is an alternative to more invasive surgical stapling procedures such as the gastric bypass or sleeve gastrectomy. The ReShape Vest™ System is an investigational (outside the U.S.) minimally invasive, laparoscopically implanted medical device that wraps around the stomach, emulating the gastric volume reduction effect of conventional weight-loss surgery. It helps enable rapid weight loss for patients with obesity without permanently changing patient anatomy. The recently launched reshapecare® Virtual health coaching program is a virtual tele-health weight-management program that supports lifestyle changes for all weight-loss patients, to help them keep the weight off over time.
ReShape Lifesciences Inc. and Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. merger completed.
Read More
WATCH LAP-BAND TV ADS
ABOUT RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES
FOR INVESTORS
Leading Innovation
LAP-BAND®
Non-anatomy altering
Minimally invasive
Long-term weight loss
LAP-BAND TV ADS
LAP-BAND WEBSITE
ReShape Vest*
Anatomy friendly
No stapling, cutting, or removing the stomach
Removable
FOR PROFESSIONALS
*Not available for sale in the United States.
About ReShape Lifesciences
ReShape Lifesciences® is committed to the delivery of safe, effective, and sustainable therapies that address the growing global health crises associated with the increased prevalence of obesity and metabolic diseases, including diabetes and hypertension. We are rapidly advancing our novel technologies to broadly benefit patients, healthcare providers, and stakeholders around the world.
INVESTOR INFO
CAREERS
Latest Press Releases
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
RESHAPE, RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES, LAP-BAND, reshapecare™, ReShape Vest™, and the respective Logos are trademarks of ReShape Lifesciences, Inc.
18 Technology Drive
Suite 110
Irvine, CA 92618
1-844-YES-RESHAPE
1-844-937-7374
info@ReShapeLifesci.com
© 2024 ReShape Lifesciences, Inc. All rights reserved.

As you use our website, we and our third-party providers use cookies to improve and personalize your experience, to conduct analytics, and to provide targeted online advertising. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all cookies. You may visit Cookie settings to provide a controlled consent and customize your cookie settings. You can learn more about cookies in our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
ACCEPT
REJECT