CHINA IS OPEN AGAIN!
A new wave of travellers from China has started which will soon bring China back to the top position as the biggest international tourism source market. The bottlenecks in China and in the host destinations have mostly disappeared, allowing the pent-up demand for business trips, honeymoons, family visits and leisure and special interest trips to be started. 
For almost 20 years COTRI has supported international service providers and destinations to cater successfully and sustainably for Chinese visitors, from the years dominated by package tours and shopping at “must-see” destinations to the new wave of visits to newly discovered destinations for new experiences and activities in smaller customised groups or as FITs.
Information – Adaptation – Success, COTRI is providing support along all steps of the way, based on continuous research, decades of experience, specialisation and long-term partnerships.
SERVICES
RECOVERY DAY
Which strategy is the right one for the New Wave of Chinese Visitors, which segments of the source market are fitting with your products and services, how to restart the engagement with the Chinese market?
China Outbound Recovery offers within a single day workshop orientation, information, insights and answers for strategy and next steps, in-house or virtual.
Morning session: Compact training focussing on changes and new opportunities.
Afternoon session: Result-oriented development of practical consequences and the roadmap for 2023 and beyond.
        CHINESE TOURISM TRAININGS
CTT is providing up-to-date self-administered online training sessions for the post-pandemic Chinese outbound tourism. The new opportunities and challenges resulting from changed demand, behaviour and forms of travel are presented together with best practice examples, tips and self-test.
Each session is 20 minutes long. Participants have access as well to weekly real-time Question and Answers sessions exclusively for CTT customers.
All sessions are available in English, German, French, Spanish and Italian. Other languages on demand.
BASIC
19 Introduction sessions provide a full range of the knowledge and practical advice needed for the successful sustainable development of the Chinese tourism source market, the No. 1 in the world. 
◄ LEARN MORE
ADVANCED
More than 40 specialised sessions dig deeper into different market segments, marketing channels, industry needs, special interests etc.
Contact Us: info@meaningful-tourism.com
COTRI ANALYTICS
Quantitative and socio-demographic data for 80 countries and destinations, 2011-2023
◄ LEARN MORE
Customised Data sets, forecasts, additional indicators on demand
◄ LEARN MORE
WORKSHOPS
Standard and customised workshops as stand-alone or in connection with projects, events, trainings. Half day or full-day, online or offline in English, German, Italian, Spanish. Strategy, Marketing, Market Segments etc.
Contact Us: info@meaningful-tourism.com
STRATEGY
Based on dozens of successful consulting projects all over the world, decades of
experience and scientific methods including the Meaningful Tourism paradigm, exactly the needed solution from market research to implementation.
Contact Us: info@meaningful-tourism.com
EVENTS
CTW Award 2024
20th anniversary of the CTW Award! Companies and organisations showing to the world there success with the new Chinese market.
GITF 2024 Edition
The first major event in China to restart the dialogue between Chinese and international service providers and destinations. Free entry to fair and conference!
    PUBLICATIONS
COTRI Intelligence
The indispensable source of weekly consulting, analysis, data and news for everybody seriously interested in the post-pandemic Chinese outbound tourism market and changing Chinese consumer preferences.
Subscriptions: Free * Premium * Premium Plus
88 PRACTICAL WAYS TO PREPARE FOR THE NEW WAVE OF CHINESE VISITORS - China Outbound Tourism Handbook 2023
An insight-packed new handbook written specifically for tourism stakeholders, destination authorities, government officials and businesses in related sectors. It provides practical advice on every page for strategy development, product adaptation, marketing and sales to group and individual tourists. This handbook is available in Italian, Spanish, French and German versions.
      Meaningful Tourism Paradigm for Chinese Market
Introduction into the Meaningful Tourism paradigm, followed by many Best Practice Examples helping destinations, companies and organisations to create their own concepts and strategies based on the positive experiences of successful initiatives from around the world.
COTRI PUBLICATIONS 2015-2021
An interesting and informing way to understand the development of China’s outbound tourism in past years: eBooks of issues of the COTRI MARKET REPORT, the BEST EDITORIALS of COTRI Weekly and the 2021 outlook into the future of China’s outbound tourism
COTRI Weekly Editorial
A weekly personal view of Prof. Dr. Arlt to the development of China’s outbound tourism and the Chinese society. Available as LinkedIn newsletter and as part of Free and Premium subscriptions to COTRI Intelligence.
Youtube Channel
An interesting and informing way to understand the development of China’s outbound tourism in past years: eBooks of issues of the COTRI MARKET REPORT, the BEST EDITORIALS of COTRI Weekly and the 2021 outlook into the future of China’s outbound tourism
    LinkedIn
Followed by more than 20,000 LinkedIn users, the LinkedIn pages of COTRI and of Prof. Dr. Arlt offer a constant flow of comments, articles and observations.
COTRI IN THE NEWS
More articles
2023
High Elevation Time for Three World Tourism Network Executives, Dmytro Makarov, eTurboNews, 11 May 2023
How to attract the new wave of Chinese tourists: big-city thrills, nighttime activities, adventure tourism – or go with ChatGPT’s humorous advice?, Mark Footer, South China Morning Post, 1 February 2023
Tourism industry prepares for influx of Chinese travelers looking for experience, Han Chen, Axios, 7 March 2023
“Meaningful Tourism” to Take Sustainable Travel to a New Level, Eleftheria Pantziou, Greek Travel Pages, 14 June 2022
New Report Forecasts 228 Million Outbound Chinese Travelers Per Year by 2030, Özgür Töre, ftnNEWS, 19 January 2023
Peru wins gold at Chinese Tourism Welcome Award 2023, Jose Carlos Collazos, Businesswire, 22 May 2023
International award for innovative health and travel research, Edith Cowan University, 26 May 2023
All eyes now on China opening, Nisha Verma, Pressreader, 24 March 2023
Bulgaria fails to achieve Good Placement in Sustainable Tourism Ranking, Novinite, 28 May 2023
Coming soon: China Outbound Tourism Handbook 2023, Gary Bowerman, Asia Travel Reset, 2023
228Mn Chinese travellers per year by 2030, Kanchan Nath, Travel Daily Media, 24 January 2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
Downloads
Prof Arlt photo (WGA)
COTRI logo (Print version of the COTRI logo)
China Outbound Latest
ABOUT US
COTRI, CEO & FOUNDER
CHINA OUTBOUND TOURISM RESEARCH INSTITUTE
Timeline: Development of COTRI and China outbound tourism
1978 First visit of Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Georg Arlt to People’s Republic of China
2004 Start of COTRI with offices in Stralsund and Beijing, first CTW Award with ceremony at ITB Berlin
2004 China outbound start of strong growth after ADS sytem allows tourism visa for many countries
2006 First Chinese-language website for provincial DMO in Germany produced by COTRI
2007 Start of Chinese outbound tourism trainings by COTRI in different countries
2008 COTRI moves to Heide/Holstein
2012 China achieves status as biggest international tourism source market
2015 COTRI starts data supply to Bloomberg
2016 COTRI moves to Hamburg
2018 CTW China Tourist Welcome Award co-organised with trip.com
2020 China closes borders due to pandemic, COTRI closes Beijing office
2023 Restart China outbound tourism
2023 COTRI signs cooperation agreement with ETC European Tourism Commission
2023 Restart CTW Award in Guangzhou during GITF Conference
2023 Start COTMI weekly publication
PROF. DR. WOLFGANG GEORG ARLT FRGS FRAS
Born 1957 in West-Berlin, M.A. Sinology FU Berlin, Mandarin courses Fu-Jen University Hsinchu/Taiwan, Cantonese courses CU Hong Kong
First visit to People’s Republic of China 1978
1986-1999 Tour operator for trips to China (1986-89) and from China (1991-1999)
2002 PhD (Dr. rer.pol.) FU Berlin
2002-2020 Professor for International Tourism Management FH Stralsund / FH Westkueste,
Guest professor in China, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand
Since 2004 Founder and CEO COTRI China Outbound Tourism Research Institute
Since 2021 Founder and CEO MTC Meaningful Tourism Center
Fellow Royal Geographical Society (London)
Fellow Royal Asiatic Society (London)
Research Fellow Japanese Society for the Promotion of Science (Tokyo)
Fellow International Association of China Tourism Studies (Guangzhou)
Member Expert Committee WTCF World Tourism Cities Federation (Beijing)
Secretary General for Cultural and Tourism Industry EUCNC EU-China Commission (Brussels/Beijing)
Publications include:
Arlt: China’s Outbound Tourism (2006/2011), (Routledge)
Arlt: Chinese outbound tourism in the post-SARS-CoV-2 era, in: Wen, J., Kozak, M. (eds.): Chinese Outbound Tourist Behaviour (2022), (Routledge)
Arlt: Meaningful Tourism. Best Practice Examples for a Sustainable Future (2022), (COTRI)
Arlt/Bowerman: 88 Practical Ways to Prepare for the next Wave of Chinese visitors (2023), (COTRI)
Arlt/Bowerman: The Return of Chinese Outbound Tourism (2023), (Routledge)
Editor: COTRI Intelligence (weekly publication) (COTRI)
CLIENTS
PARTNERS
CAREERS
Internship - Apply at info@china-outbound.com
Services
Publications
Events
About Us
Contact Us
CONTACT COTRI IN GERMANY
COTRI China Outbound Tourism Research Insititute
Gluckstr. 57, 22081 Hamburg
Germany
Email: Info@meaningful-tourism.com
Tel: +49 40 882 15 37 12
@2024 COTRI, Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalise content, provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. You agree by using the website further.
Understand
Privacy policy