Impress
your guests
And keep them refreshed
MOBILE BAR HIREWEDDING BAR HIRE
BESPOKE MOBILE
BAR HIRE
in Kent, Surrey, Essex or London
Hosting a celebration, wedding, or corporate event in Kent, Surrey, Essex or London? Our bespoke bar packages are designed with your requirements in mind so that you receive the bar that is perfect for your event. We’ve been involved with more than 600 successful events – can we add yours to the list?
Building your bespoke
mobile bar hire package
We don’t provide an ‘off the shelf’ service. All our bar packages are entirely bespoke and are tailored to your tastes and requirements, so you only pay for what you need. Choose from one of our three core options and then we’ll work together to create the bar package that is perfect for your event. We can provide fully staffed bars with trained bartenders, and facilities such as glassware and refrigeration. We also offer a range of personalisation options that can be used to tailor your bar for your celebration, wedding, or corporate event.
Our core mobile bar hire options are:
Dry bar
You provide the drinks and we’ll take care of everything else; our team will provide any facilities that you require and will take the stress out of your evening by serving your chosen drinks to your guests. All you need to do is make sure that you’ve sourced enough drinks and that you’ve arranged to handle any waste.
Open bar
You take care of the bill for your guests and we’ll take care of the rest. Simply tell us what facilities you require and then leave everything up to us. This option offers complete peace of mind – you don’t have to worry about making arrangements or meeting a minimum spend. Plus, your guests get to enjoy an open bar.
What sets Purple Fizz apart?
Experienced team
We know how to make sure that your event lives up to your expectations. Our team has worked on more than 600 successful events, covering all kinds of occasions and catering for a wide range of different group sizes. Let our team of experienced cocktail bartenders impress your guests with their professional service.
Excellent communication
Need something in particular? We’ll do everything we can to make it happen. We’re committed to our ‘anything you need’ approach and we pride ourselves on maintaining clear and open communication with all our customers. Ask us any questions and we’ll always get back to you with a full, timely response.
Bespoke bar packages
We’ll work with you to design the perfect bar package for your event, making sure that we receive your input and we’re meeting all your requirements. After all, why pay for a generic ‘off the shelf’ package that may not suit you? We can also personalise the bar itself so that it matches your theme or corporate branding.
Thorough preparation
Our in-depth preparation will make sure that your event runs smoothly and seamlessly. We’ll schedule a site visit so that we can ensure there are no complications at the venue. And now for the fun part – we’ll arrange a complimentary cocktail tasting so you can sample your chosen drinks ahead of time!
Reviews
Don’t just take our word for it – hear from some of our previous customers and see why we’re the right choice for your next event.



Amazing from start to finish

Absolutely amazing from start to finish, very professional from the initial contact, the mixologist who arrived was fabulous, his cocktails were amazing, everyone said they were the best they’ve ever tasted, nothing was too much to ask. Two guests who attended my party are now going to book with this company for some events they have coming up, I couldn’t recommend them enough!
Imogen C.
Fantastic staff & amazing cocktails

Our event was a roaring success with thanks to your fantastic staff & those amazing cocktails!! Your team were super organised, professional, very friendly and worked really hard all evening. We would be most happy to recommend you for any future events, our whole experience of dealing with yourself in the first instance and the team during the event was a pleasure!
Helen N.






REVIEWS
Get in touch
If there’s anything you’d like to know about our mobile cocktail bar hire service, get in touch and ask us. We’re always happy to answer any questions.
You can call us on 0800 246 1185 or you can email info@purplefizz.co.uk
CONTACT US

Pricing
Interested in hiring one of our mobile bars?
All our bar packages are tailored to meet your requirements,
providing everything you need to make your event a success.
Find out how our pricing works
PRICING
Instagram
Contact Purple Fizz
Give us a call on 0800 246 1185 or email info@purplefizz.co.uk to ask us any questions about our mobile bar hire services.
CONTACT
With more than 600 successful events under our belts, we know how to make sure that your event lives up to your expectations. All our bespoke mobile bar packages include professional bar service and are designed with your requirements in mind, guaranteeing that they’ll be perfect for your celebration, wedding, or corporate event.
Contact Information
0800 246 1185
info@purplefizz.co.uk
Purple Fizz
73 Watermill Way
Dartford
Kent
DA4 9BE
Opening Hours
Mon-Fri: 9am-6pm
Sat: 9am-1pm
Useful Links
Bar Hire
Wedding Bar Hire
Prices
FAQs
Blog
Reviews
Contact
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap
Copyright © 2024 Purple Fizz All rights reserved | Website designed by Make Me Local.