Skip to content
Easter Holiday Camp 2024
Easter Holiday Camp with Lister Tennis!
READ MORE


Tennis Lessons
We offer tennis coaching for all ages and abilities. All of our coaches are Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) accredited plus, qualified and DBS checked.
LEARN MORE
Holiday Camp
Our Tennis Holiday Camps run during school and half-term holidays and offer a fun way for your children to learn how to play tennis whilst keeping them occupied!
LEARN MORE
Membership
If you want to play tennis more regularly we offer affordable club memberships for both adults and juniors to get you on court for the best prices.
SIGN UP
Court Bookings & Prices
Our full size Indoor Acrylic and Outdoor Tarmacadam tennis courts are available to book all year round for both members and non-members. Book yours now!
BOOK NOW
Lister Tennis Club offers coaching for all ages and ability. We are a family friendly club run by a small group of volunteers with two indoor and three outdoor floodlit courts. We offer cost effective membership with no joining fees which include FREE outdoor court use, club nights, social play opportunities and low cost indoor court facilities. Our coaching programme run by LTA coaches starts at tots level and continues through the mini tennis levels up to our expanding adult programme.
As well as term time coaching we also offer holiday camps, tournaments and individual coaching. For more information, take a look around our site or contact us and we will be happy to answer any of your questions.
Please note: At Lister Tennis Club we are committed to the safety, well being and protection of our members, in particular our younger members. As such we operate a no mobile phone rule on court at all times. When participating in any lessons or course sessions members possessing mobile phones are encouraged to turn their phones off and put them away out of sight.  Junior players participating in match play competition must leave their phone with the lead coach and collect them at the end of the session.  Players are permitted to check their phones with prior consent from the tennis coach.  Lister Tennis Club also encourage any parent or guardian wishing to stay and watch, to have their phone on silent and put away for the duration of the session.
×
Indoor Tennis Court Tour
SUBSCRIBE HERE
EXCELLENT rating
Based on 19 reviews
Good facilities including indoor courts
Penny Topham
2023-02-07

Lister Tennis Club Gallery
Copyright 2008 - 2024 Lister Tennis | All Rights Reserved
North Road, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, SG1 4BB | Tel: 01438 525321 | Email: listertennis@gmail.com

In association with:


Lister Tennis Club Limited Registered in England and Wales Company No. 08076212
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube