HOME
SHOP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
LOCATIONS & HOURS
Our Brands
Why Mattress Plus?
Our Posts
An In-Depth Look at the Different Types of Foam Mattresses
Side-Sleepers vs Back-Sleepers: The Types of Mattresses That Suit Each
The Importance of Good Sleep for Children
#1 Mattress Store in Shreveport & Ruston
If you’re looking for the perfect sleep solution, you might be asking yourself, “what is the best mattress company near me?”, or, “are there any good bedding stores near me?” Well, we think you’ve found one of the best mattress stores in Shreveport or the Shreveport area, for that matter, here at Mattress Plus Shreveport, La. Or, if you’re in the Ruston area, visit the Mattress Plus Ruston, La. store. 
If you're looking for a good bedding store in Shreveport, let me assure you that Mattress Plus is truly the best choice. This store not only offers a wide range of comfortable and stylish bedding options, but they also provide you with the best possible prices, making your shopping experience worthwhile.
  At Mattress Plus, you’re sure to find a mattress that is perfect for your support and comfort. We have the best and most diverse selection of mattresses you could find in any Louisiana mattress store. Because we’re locally owned and operated, we have the freedom to source inventory from a much wider selection than a big box store such as the Mattress Firm Shreveport, La. store. Mattress Plus carries the big name-brand mattresses like Tempur-Pedic, Sealy, Beautyrest, Stearns & Foster, and Sherwood mattresses. But we also carry more exclusive brands such as Pure Talalay Bliss and SmartLife by King Koil. All these brands combined make Mattress Plus one of the top mattress stores Shreveport has to offer!
 + Read More
SHOP
By Brand
Memory Foam
Latex
Innerspring
Hybrid
Adjustable Bases
Box Springs
© 2022 Mattress Plus | 318-865-6747  
Shreveport, Louisiana
reportfrs@aol.com
LOCATIONS
HOURS
3964 Youree Drive
Shreveport, Louisiana 71105
318-865-6747
SHREVEPORT
Monday-Friday: 10am—6pm
Saturday: 10am—5pm
Sunday: Closed
101 North Service Road East
Ruston, Louisiana 71270
318-323-7587
RUSTON
Monday-Saturday: 10am—6pm
Sunday: Closed
Furniture Rental Service
PRIVACY NOTICE
Website by Frameworx Marketing