Navigation
Services »
→ Custom Software
→ Business Architecture
→ Human Performance
→ Security
→ Enterprise & Franchise
Solutions »
→ Business Leasing
→ Credit Card Processing
→ Custom Software
→ eCommerce
Software »
→ KEOP
→ KORVUE
→ nDORSE
→ QuickBill
→ SourceAll
→ Verafy
→ VerSaaS
Software and solutions for your business.
Award-winning software brands
Custom cloud and mobile solutions
Call us toll-free
1 866 567-8838
Outside of North America call +1 248 412-4000
Have us call you
Speak with a specialist and get the answers you are looking for...


Request Call
Industry-Leading Software
Custom Solutions
Everything In-between
For nearly 30 years, Verasoft has created award-winning and industry-leading software solutions that are used around the world. During that time it has become clear that some businesses need a tailored solution to maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of their operation. To meet the needs of our clients, we offer highly configurable solutions, completely custom solutions, and even allow many of our branded software products to be customized. Delivering the right solution is what we do.
Some of our software brands
The ultimate suite of software for retail and service oriented businesses of all sizes and shapes. KORVUE includes Point-of-Sale, Scheduling, Billing, eCommerce, Gift Cards, Electronic Forms and Contracts, and much more. KORVUE has solutions for desktop, cloud and mobile.
READ MORE
VerSaaS is a premier cloud framework that sets the stage for powerfully custom private and public cloud solutions. This framework includes support for advanced CRM, Billing, Scheduling, Mapping and more. Whatever your custom solution needs, VerSaaS is likely a perfect fit.
READ MORE
QuickBill has been the billing engine for many of our products since 1995. The QuickBill cloud billing system is a perfect solution for your advanced billing needs, from invoicing to project billing to recurring billing. Also manage complex retainers, financing and more.
READ MORE
Some of our partners
A little about Verasoft
Verasoft is a multinational software and services firm, specializing in the development of award-winning technologies for many industries spanning the globe. With the rapid shift to cloud and mobile solutions, our advanced VerSaaS™ framework provides cost-effective custom solutions for virtually any industry and language. Verasoft has an extensive pipeline of industry specific cloud and mobile applications.

About Us
Featured Software
KEOP Warehouse
KORVUE
SourceAll
VerSaaS
Featured Solutions
Custom Software
eCommerce
Credit Card Processing
Business Leasing
Featured Services
Human Performance
Security Planning
Business Architecture
Enterprise & Franchise
Featured Sites
Joe Register
KORVUE
LinkedIn
Verasoft is a multinational company with operations in America, Asia and Europe.
Verasoft
30500 Van Dyke Avenue
Suite 500
Warren, MI 48093

+1 248 412-4000
Contact Us Legal Notices
Copyright 2024 Verasoft - All Rights Reserved