Welcome to DMAA's new website! Head over to the Member Compass under the Membership tab to create your profile!
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site, personalize content and ads, to provide social media features, and to analyze our traffic. By using our site you consent to cookies.
ACKNOWLEDGE
Wednesday, May 8, 2024
PMAM Capitol Day 2024
View Event
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Who We Are
Detroit Metropolitan Apartment Association is a 501(c) 6 non-profit trade association for the multifamily housing industry. DMAA was founded in 2002, and currently represents apartment homes in Oakland, Wayne, Macomb, Lapeer, and St. Clair counties. Additionally, we proudly serve supplier partners and property management companies, making the DMAA the largest multifamily housing association in the state of Michigan at over 102,000 units and growing. 
Events Calendar
PMAM Capitol Day 2024
Wednesday, May 8, 2024
Our Mission
"The Premier Partner serving and inspiring everyone in the multifamily housing industry."

If you have any questions about Detroit Metropolitan Apartment Association, please feel free to contact us. We are always finding ways to better serve our members; and we are glad you are here as you are important to us.
Thank You to our 2024 Platinum Sponsors
2024 Sponsors!


Get Connected!

DMAA's members represent a conglomeration of management executives, developers, investors, apartment owners, management companies, independent rental owners, property managers, sales consultants, service technicians,  suppliers partners and a multitude of business-related professionals. DMAA provides Southeastern Michigan with legislative support, networking, education and community outreach to benefit our members and communities. We strive to better serve the housing needs of the residents throughout Southeast Detroit. We are committed to supporting the organization and membership with diversity, ethics, integrity in an ever-evolving environment of the multifamily housing industry and profession.




Learn More
Contact
30800 Telegraph Road Suite 1901
Bingham Farms, Michigan 48025
United States
248.594.9803
Become A Sponsor
We are grateful to and for all of our sponsors. The DMAA offers numerous sponsorship opportunities throughout the year for our members to utilize to help promote their business to members within the association. Sponsorships can be purchased through a package or individually by event. 

Find a DMAA Partner
Click below to find access to our directory of over 100 DMAA Business Partners, specializing in the multifamily housing industry! 

Association Management Software
Copyright © 2024 - Detroit Metropolitan Apartment Association. Legal