BOXTED HALL
HOME
HOUSE PARTIES
WEDDINGS
GALLERY
ABOUT
AVAILABILITY
CONTACT
A Private House and Estate in the Suffolk Countryside for Exclusive Hire
Boxted Hall is a stunning Grade II* listed country house
set in 250 acres of rolling parkland, at the heart of the 
Weller-Poley family estate.
  Come and celebrate your wedding, a special birthday, or just enjoy a weekend with friends or family in this beautiful private setting, deep in the Suffolk countryside. 
The moated Hall and surrounding gardens offer the perfect relaxing retreat, with 9 luxurious ensuite bedrooms and extra accommodation, allowing up to 26 guests.  Several magnificent reception rooms are yours to enjoy, boasting a wealth of period features, comfortable sofas, large dining tables and generous log fires.  
   Boxted will be exclusively yours, whatever the occasion, and we are here to help you plan your perfect stay.
WEDDINGS
Getting married at Boxted Hall is a marvellous and memorable experience.  
  With the 13th century family church overlooking the house and gardens, the scene is set for a wonderful day.  
  How that day unfolds is up to you, so bring your ideas and let’s make them happen. 
  The Hall and grounds are exclusively yours for the weekend, ensuring total privacy for you to use as your own. 
MORE
HOUSE PARTIES
Boxted Hall provides a rare combination of space and intimacy.
  Relax and sleep deeply in one of our luxury bedrooms after a day exploring Boxted’s unique setting.
  You are welcome to cater for yourselves in our fully fitted kitchen, or book a private chef to take the strain and ensure your complete relaxation.
  The Hall is available to hire all year round, for weekends or even for a more spoiling week.
MORE
"What an amazing time we had in this gorgeous and beautiful house. It was perfect! We created some memories over the past few days that we will cherish forever..."
~ Sheena
Contact us for more details.
CONTACT
Tel:  07989 406 094
Email:  info@boxtedhall.co.uk 
BOXTED HALL
© 2021 Boxted Hall  
Website by Elphick + Co
Privacy Policy