Automate your active sourcing
Flexible, effective and easy – with MoBerries' Virtual Recruiters
Get started now
Location
REGISTER AS
COMPANY
Are you looking for a job? Sign up here
Over 2,000 satisfied customers
MoBerries' Virtual Recruiters
Your intelligent active sourcing solution.
Flexible support
Get flexible active sourcing support, tailored to your needs. Effortlessly scale up or down without compromising on quality.
Effective outreach
Achieve effective candidate outreach and save time with an impressive response rate of up to 87%.
Easy personalization
Discover the best practice approach for active sourcing campaigns with our Virtual Recruiters and gain expert knowledge today.
GET STARTED
Experience the same success
Finance industry
@EOS debt collection
With MoBerries' pre-qualified candidates, we have reduced our time-to-hire by 43%, as we can directly invite the incoming candidates for interviews.
Continue reading
Packaging industry
@MetPro Verpackungs-Service GmbH
The biggest difference here was the selection rate. While we could only identify an average of 4% of incoming applications as relevant in social media recruiting, through MoBerries Virtual Recruiters, we invited 80% of the incoming applicants to a job interview.
Continue reading
Free sourcing analysis
Gain valuable insights into your target group with a complimentary and non-binding analysis of the target audience size for your campaign, specifically tailored to your job description.
Alternatively, feel free to reach out to us directly. Our experts are always eager to provide you with further insights. Simply send us an email at partners@moberries.com or schedule a consultation.
GET YOUR ANALYSIS
Pricing
Virtual Recruiter
Your sourcing support
Starting at 2,799 € / month
A recruiter profile with your branding
Minimum duration: 3 months
Job position can be adjusted at any time
Personal Virtual Recruiters dashboard
Pre-qualification of incoming candidates over the phone (Up to 5 surplus qualification questions)
GET STARTED NOW
Backed by
Our AI technologies and Virtual Recruiters are backed by
GET STARTED NOW
More about MoBerries' Virtual Recruiters
All posts
Case Studies
Active Sourcing in the AI Software Development Industry – l1r1 x MoBerries' Virtual Recruiters
More about l1r1: Founded in 2021, l1r1 is an innovative company in the software development industry, specialized in revolutionizing business processes throu ...
News from the Network
Recruitment Automation: Top 5 Recruitment Processes to Get Started
In today's digital age, automation is becoming increasingly vital across all business sectors. It not only boosts efficiency but also saves time and costs. On ...
Case Studies
Game-Changing Recruiting: Freaks 4U Gaming x MoBerries' Virtual Recruiters
In the fast-paced and competitive gaming industry, recruiting qualified professionals is one of the biggest challenges for companies. Freaks 4U Gaming, a reno ...
Jobs
About
Blog
Careers
Press
Legal Notice
Data Protection Agreement
Privacy Policy
Partner Terms
FAQ
Guide
Support
Sitemap
MoBerries © 2024
We use cookies to personalize content, ads, and to analyze our traffic. You can read more about the used cookies and services in our privacy policy.
Manage cookies
Accept all