FORENSIC INVESTIGATION IN FOCUS
Forensics Europe Expo (FEE) is now firmly established as the market-leading exhibition & conference for forensic science and investigation in Europe. The event continues to be the primary meeting place for global forensic investigation solution providers and senior buyers seeking to create rewarding business partnerships, as well as an educational platform for new technology & solutions.
Join your industry peers at FEE in London to see the latest products and services covering the four key pillars of forensic investigation:
► Digital forensics
► Laboratory equipment & solutions
► Scene of crime
► Forensic analytics
Register for a free ticket
Click Here
VISIT
Forensics Europe Expo (FEE) is the only event in Europe covering every aspect of forensic science. The exhibition and conference topics are aligned with the four key pillars of forensic investigation.
Essential for any forensics professional, FEE is a must-attend event to learn about and source the very latest technologies on the market.
ENGAGE
For 2024, a FREE conference programme will provide valuable education, networking and professional development opportunities.
The content will be carefully curated, featuring world-class speakers and leading organisations sharing their latest findings and learnings…
View the 2023 content programme
EXHIBIT
The application of forensic technology is growing year after year as Europe continues to be a critical region concerning business opportunities due to the threat of terrorism and serious crime.
With stand and sponsorship packages to suit all budgets, you’ll meet an engaged audience looking for the latest forensic technology.
See who exhibited in 2023
2024 PREMIER EVENT PARTNER:
2024 OFFICIAL MEDIA PARTNER:
2024 OFFICIAL MEDIA PARTNER:
As our first big event after the intense Covid period, we were unsure what to expect. Already after the first day, we were positively surprised about the quality of the interactions and will be happy to exhibit at FEE again…
SciEngines GmbH
Exhibitor
We have made a lot of new contacts at this year’s show and we have had a great footfall here. Ultimately, the real benefit of this show to us is the calibre of people that attend and the new business it helps us generate...
Compelson
Exhibitor
CO-LOCATED WITH:
LIVE IN:
044
Day(s)
: 05
Hour(s)
: 13
Minute(s)
: 17
Second(s)
Opening Times
Wednesday 19th June 2024: 09:30 – 17:00
Thursday 20th June 2024: 09:30 – 16:00
Venue
ExCeL London
Royal Victoria Dock
Western Gateway
London E16 1XL
Quick Links
Visit
Engage
Exhibit
© evendia Ltd – 2021 | Privacy Policy
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All