SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
The Annual Oakley & UTB Developer Forum Lunch 2023
We were delighted to host our Annual Oakley Property + UTB Developer Forum Lunch recently at The Ivy in The Lanes, Brighton. Read more!
Oakley Property (home page)
MENU
BOOK A VALUATION
FacebookTwitterInstagramEmail
Twineham Grange Farm
Bob Lane, Twineham
An exclusive gated development of six boutique, two storey eco houses in the picturesque setting of Twineham Village. Houses starting from 3,539 sqft/328sqm.
Coming soon
Your Sussex Property Expert
We specialise in Sussex property – across residential and commercial, land and new homes.
This means we know the Sussex coast and countryside, with all its diverse charms and characteristics.
As members of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, we combine national expertise with genuine local knowledge.
We’re proud to have built a thriving business through repeat custom and recommendations.
Welcome to Oakley Property
A New Way of Doing Property
We recently expanded into our new head office The Property Works located in the heart of Brighton by the North Laine. In this video our directors Chris, David, Andy and Nick welcome you to a new way of doing property. 
Property Search
Residential Search
Commercial Search
SALES
LETTINGS
INC. SOLD
AVAILABLE
Branch
Brighton & Hove
Lewes
Shoreham-by-Sea
Type
House
Apartment
Bungalow
Garage
Shared Ownership
Minimum Bedrooms
1
2
3
4
5+
Maximum Price
£100,000
£200,000
£300,000
£400,000
£500,000
£600,000
£700,000
£800,000
£900,000
£1,000,000+
SEARCH
REGISTER NOW
Why Choose Us?
Exceptional Service
Friendly and professional, we take pride in our attentive, energetic service. Every client has a team member dedicated to them and we offer a full range of skills making us your Sussex property expert.
Recommendation
We’ve built a thriving business through repeat custom and recommendations. As one client said, we provide ‘maximised value, personalised to your situation’.
Local Expertise
We specialise in Sussex property and as members of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, we combine national expertise with genuine local knowledge.
Integrity
We give honest, straightforward advice. Our agenda is to help our clients to make smart, well-informed decisions. Our aim is always to earn trust so we can build long-term relationships.
Residential Sales
Selling your home is an exciting, but nerve-wracking time. We’re here to support you  through the whole sales process to make sure you find the best buyer at the best price.
FIND OUT MORE
Marketing Property with Video
Marketing property with video has gone from novelty to necessity.
We have heavily invested in our video marketing strategy to ensure your property is presented in the best possible light. Whether you are looking to sell a residential property, land or new homes, we have video solutions to suit all of your property needs.
Video Marketing
Want your property to be seen? We can help with that.
Residential Sales
Property listings with video receive 403% more enquiries
We take statistics seriously and that is why we have heavily invested in our video marketing strategy. 

Whether we use our in-house video team, or outsource to a video production company for that extra special property, we have video solutions to suit any property.
Take a look at this example of Mariner Point in Shoreham, produced by our in house video team.
New Homes
72% of customers prefer to view a property with video as oppose to static images.
If you want your development to have higher engagement, more click-throughs and ultimately, better sales, then video should be an essential part of your marketing plan.

Take a look at this example of ROX in Brighton, produced in partnership with our professional video production partners.
Commercial Property
Video marketing is just as important for commercial property.
Take a look at his example of Atelier in Lewes that offers businesses a unique premises solution. Not only benefitting from an unrivalled location, but also offering a blank canvas with Class E planning consent.
You can find out more about Atelier by visiting www.atelierlewes.com
Featured Properties
Featured Lettings
12 Gloucester Place
Brighton
Featured Commercial
Buckingham Park
Brooks Road, Lewes, BN7 2FB
Featured Property
Units 24-28 Turner Place
School Road, Hove BN3 5QU
What's your home worth?
Take advantage of our free property valuation service.
BOOK A VALUATION TODAY
Oakley Property in numbers
Over 5000
Followers on Social Media
52
Highly dedicated members of staff
4.8
Star Google Customer Rating
£170m
Value of managed Property (£m)
60
Keys handed over last month
Meet Our Team of Property Experts
MEET OUR TEAM
Featured News from Oakley Property
Major Brighton Co-living Scheme Wins Appeal
27th February 2024
Oakley Property joint main sponsors of 2024 Speedee-Boarding Charity event
27th February 2024
Embarking on the Landlord Journey
7th December 2023
What our clients say...
Residential Lettings, Residential Sales
Emily from the Shoreham office was amazing! Professional, empathetic and very knowledgable. I would not hesitate to recommend Oakleys to any friends and family. Thank you for all of your help and professionalism.
Julia Strange - Shoreham - Google Review
Read the Full Review
Residential Sales, Commercial Property
Oakley's expertise in both the commercial and residential sector was crucial in the sale of my unusual mixed use property. Nick and his team at the Shoreham office were brilliant, as was Steve on the commercial side.
John Turley - Shoreham - Google Review
Read the Full Review
Residential Sales
Bought the house from Oakley 5 years ago and their unrivalled knowledge of the market made them the natural choice for when we came to sell. A pleasure to work with. Thank you Oakley!
Joe Whipp - Lewes - Google Review
Read the Full Review
Head Office ‑ Commercial Property, Land & Development, Block Management & Professional Services
The Property Works
30‑31 Foundry Street
Brighton, BN1 4AT
T 01273 688882
E Email Us
Brighton & Hove New Homes
The Property Works
30‑31 Foundry Street
Brighton, BN1 4AT
T 01273 688881
E Email Us
Brighton & Hove Residential Lettings
The Property Works
30‑31 Foundry Street
Brighton, BN1 4AT
T 01273 688884
E Email Us
Brighton & Hove Residential Sales
3-6 North Road
Brighton, BN1 1YA
T 01273 688881
E Email Us
Shoreham Property Hub Residential Sales & Lettings, Commercial Property, New Homes
6 Brunswick Road
Shoreham-by-Sea, BN43 5WB
T 01273 661577
E Email Us
Lewes Property Hub Residential Sales & Lettings, Commercial Property, New Homes
14a High Street
Lewes, BN7 2LN
T 01273 487444
E Email Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Client Relations
Copyright 2024 Oakley PropertySite by Proworx
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our web site. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information.