THE ART OF THE PERFECT FIT


We find perfectly-matched candidates for jobs in the fine arts
At DRAW we’re passionate about matching the best candidates to brilliant roles in the arts. Our industry-leading reputation is built on our strong relationships with clients and candidates and our understanding of – and endless passion for – the art world.
I'm hiringI'm hunting
What we do
We take every new role personally
We offer boutique, tailored recruitment services, that always starts with us getting to know you and your needs properly. Taking a personal interest in understanding you and your business is the key to finding the right candidate, first time.
We support you from start to finish
Our friendly team have all had a long involvement in the sector and a deep love of the arts. It’s not a day job – it’s a morning, noon and night job for us! Understanding the particular needs and nuances of your sector and culture comes naturally to us.
We live and breathe the arts
We don’t expect our busy clients to be experts in HR. That’s our job. We take the weight off your shoulders at every stage of the process from initial interview to salary negotiation, right through to ongoing HR consultancy.
  Visit our client page
We come highly recommended:
“DRAW Recruitment have always presented us with excellent candidates. Julia listens carefully to the brief and works discretely and efficiently to find candidates even for the most difficult to fill roles. ”
Guy Schooling, Chairman, Sworders
View Testimonials
We find perfectly-matched candidates for jobs in the fine arts.
Search
Job Type
Any type
Art Advisory, Banking and Financial
Art Galleries and Art Fairs
Art Media, Publishing and Services
Artist Studio
Auction Houses and Dealerships
Charity
Contract
Luxury
Museums and Institutions
Shipping and Logistics
Location
Any Location
Asia
China
Europe
- Amsterdam
- Brussels
- France
- Paris
- Geneva
- Switzerland
- Germany
- Berlin
- Ireland
- Italy
- Remote
Hong Kong
Rest of World
UK
- London
- Scotland
USA
Search
Latest Jobs
SHOWING 1-10 SHOW ALL
POSITION
LOCATION
Registrar and PA, Mayfair Gallery
London
View and Apply
Executive Assistant, Art Advisory
London, UK
View and Apply
Junior Cataloguer, Regional Auction House
Midlands, UK
View and Apply
Head of Department, Auction House
UK
View and Apply
Saleroom Manager, Regional Auction House
Midlands, UK
View and Apply
Head of Furniture & Works of Art, Regional…
UK
View and Apply
Sales Assistant, International Contemporary Gallery
London, UK
View and Apply
Italian speaking Marketing Manager, Arts Organisation
London, UK
View and Apply
Marketing Manager, Auction House
South East UK
View and Apply
Client Services (Maternity Cover), Auction House
London, UK
View and Apply
Please get in touch if anything interests you. And if you don’t see anything suitable now, please send us your CV, as we often hear about upcoming positions on the grapevine.
London – Berlin – And Beyond
  We offer boutique, tailored recruitment services, that always start with us getting to know you and your needs properly. Taking a personal interest in understanding you and your business is the key to finding the right candidate, first time.
Get in touch
Support for small business – every step of the way
  We help busy clients, especially those in smaller businesses, by looking after the whole recruitment process right through to HR. Our approach has been refined through years of experience, to make hiring the right person, first time, as easy as possible.
See how we work
  Specialists in HR
  As well talent sourcing and executive search, we offer our clients specialised HR services – covering everything from contractual matters to compliance. A life-saver for busy small business owners.
Download our HR services pdf
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us for stimulating views from the world of art
Digest
Posted by Emma Restall in Featured, News
Working in the Arts: Sarah Arnett Ordaz
Continuing our focus on the US, for this week’s Working in the Arts segment we spoke with Sarah Arnett Ordaz who is the Gallery Manager at Lisson, New York. So, where do you work? I work at Lisson Gallery, in our New York office. What is your job title? Gallery Manager – though this title…
Let us tell you more
Email us your details and we'll get back to you within 24 hours to discuss your needs.
info@drawrecruitment.com
Prefer to chat?
Then give one of our team a call now.
London office: +44 (0)20 8340 9339
Berlin office: +49 (0) 177 258 2743
© Copyright 2024 DRAW Recruitment Ltd
Terms of Business Privacy & Cookies Diversity & Inclusion Policy
Registered in England and Wales - Company No.10153410
Draw Recruitment Ltd