HOME ABOUT US LEARN APPLY NOW NEWS DONATE
Interest-Free Lending
HFL PROVIDES LOANS OF UP TO $20,000 TO
COMMUNITY MEMBERS IN NEED 
APPLY HERE
Why take an interest-free loan?
Credit Card Debt
Loan Consolidation
Adoption and Fertility
Small Business Needs
Student Expenses
Emergency Costs
Medical Expenses
Housing and Rent
Apply
Get the financial help you need with dignity.
APPLY NOW
Donate
Your support makes loans possible for the next generation.
DONATE TODAY
Learn More
Learn about our rich history of supporting the community. 
LEARN MORE
Our Mission
The Hebrew Free Loan Association of Greater Washington, guided by Jewish values, provides individuals and families with interest-free loans to help them overcome financial challenges or to embrace professional and personal opportunities with dignity.
How Does it Work?
Are you or someone you know in need of a loan? We offer quick turnaround interest-free loans up to $20,000. Please review our loan guidelines and fill out an application.
Support Interest-Free Lending
Executive Director Shuli Tropp, Past President Naomi Malka, and Past President David Farber.
Do you want to support interest-free loans in the DC metro area? We rely heavily on lay support from our Board of Directors and others. Please email Shuli (shuli@hebrewfreeloandc.org) to find out how you can get involved! You can also support us financially via our donation page.
Sign up for our newsletter
Want to hear more about our work? Please sign up for our newsletter!
A Track Record of Success
In the last three years we have extended an estimated $1.7 million in loans to 135 borrowers.  We are grateful to our borrowers that vast majority of our loans are repaid on time and in full.  We are grateful to all our supporters for enabling this work, and we are thankful to all our borrowers for allowing us to serve the community and continue the tradition started in Washington D.C. over 100 years ago of zero-interest loans.  (As of December 2023)
Hebrew Free Loan Association of Greater Washington
P.O. Box 2752
Silver Spring, MD 20915
Phone: (301) 859-0346
Email: info@hebrewfreeloandc.org
Tax ID: 53-0227814