Contact
AI Powered Technology for a Better Connected World
Our innovative, market-leading products and services are in use by many of the world’s leading telecoms operators, governments and enterprises worldwide.
Digital Self Care
Network Intelligence
Test and Measurement
Fully Digital Self Care
Metricell’s Fully Digital Self Care provides transformational telecom operator-customer interactions, providing seamless, personalised, and efficient support through AI-powered chatbots, automated ticketing systems, and real-time analytics. Empower your customers with immediate assistance, leading to higher satisfaction levels, time savings, and increased revenue. Read more.
Network Intelligence System
Effectively manage large, intricate mobile networks with Metricell's AI-powered platform. Leverage real-time network status data and actual coverage measurements to gain accurate insights into network performance. Empower informed decision-making, enhance problem-solving, and optimize network operations. Read more.
AI Test & Measurement
By embracing comprehensive network visualisation solutions that integrate live network status with test and measurement data, network operators can unlock a new level of performance optimisation, ensuring a consistently reliable and high-quality network experience for their customers. Read more.
Our Latest Blogs
Embracing Independence: The Path to Assuring Mission Critical Broadband Networks
22nd April 2024
Discover the essence of true network reliability in the digital age with Metricell. Explore our blog to uncover the critical role of independent assurance in mission-critical broadband networks.
Using AI and Real Network Measurements to Improve Network Performance
19th March 2024
Network operators need happy customers and good network performance to succeed. Metricell offers a system to achieve this by using real measurements instead of predictions.
The Future of Customer Care in the Telecommunications Industry
28th February 2024
The telecommunications industry is constantly evolving, and customer care is no exception. As customer expectations change and technology advances, telecom companies are looking for new ways to provide efficient and effective customer service.
Our Story, Vision & Values
Examples of connectivity being delivered, awards we've picked up along the way and our charity work.
Metricell Value Partners
Learn about our MVP initiative and join our worldwide network of industry experts.
Careers
Hiring all experience levels and proudly supporting apprenticeship and graduate schemes.
Engineering Division
Delivering exceptional outcomes with increasing consumer expectations, budgetary pressure and complexity.
On the Forefront of Network Connectivity for 17 Years
Metricell are an award-winning supplier of software solutions to some of the world's largest telecommunications companies, government agencies and transportation networks. How would you like to work with us?
Metricell News
This has been a successful year for us with many exciting projects, awards and milestones.
Video
This is where you can find all our video content, from case studies, to product introductions.
Blog
Read our network intelligence articles, industry stories, latest developments and use cases in our blog.
Training
Sign up for online training here! Just fill in a few details and someone will be in touch to get you booked in.
Our Latest Tech News & Updates
Metricell is committed to innovation and is constantly developing new products and services to meet the needs of our customers. Keep up to date with all things Metricell here.
Our Latest Videos
Metricell Charity Events 2024
We host a wide range of fundraising charity events and this year we have been supporting Chestnut Tree House, Horsham Matters and ABC Animal Sanctuary.
Automated Self Care
Stop the call centre chaos and take control of network issues with Metricell’s Automated Self Care, the solution that transforms network problem reporting by empowering your subscribers to self-report issues.
Digital Self Care
Reporting a network problem couldn’t be easier for subscribers with the capability to issue a report via multiple devices or platforms.
Get our newsletter
Metricell is on a mission to deliver connectivity. We work with our customers to design, deliver and manage wireless communication networks - with a shared ambition of achieving flawless network experience.
Contact
Company
Our Story, Vision & Values
Careers
Metricell Value Partners
Engineering Division
Expertise
Network Operators
Tower Companies
Private Enterprise
Blue Lights
Regulators
Governments
Solutions
Fully Digital Self Care
Network Intelligence System
AI Test & Measurement
Resources
Metricell News
Videos
Blog
Training
The Big Blue, 26 Foundry Lane, Horsham, United Kingdom, RH13 5PX
///jelly.baked.zebra
+44 (0) 1403 251494
Company Registration Number: 6052274 | UK VAT Number: 885772072
Privacy Policy | Carbon Reduction Plan | Human Rights & Modern Slavery Statement
Contact
This website uses cookies.
‍View Metricell's Data Privacy Policy.
Accept