Skip to content
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Twitter
Envelope
Menu
Wheel of Awareness
Dan’s New Book – IntraConnected!

Integration made visible is kindness and compassion
Using science to bring more compassion and empathy to this world
ABOUT DAN
Neural integration – the linkage among differentiated aspects of the brain – allows for flexibility and adaptability, and expresses itself outwardly as harmony, kindness and compassion.
ABOUT DAN
Dan Siegel is the executive director of the Mindsight Institute and founding co-director of the Mindful Awareness Research Center at UCLA, where he was also principal co-investigator of the Center for Culture, Brain and Development and Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at the School of Medicine.
An award-winning educator, Dan is the author of five New York Times bestsellers and over fifteen other books which have been translated into over forty languages.  As the founding editor of the Norton Professional Series on Interpersonal Neurobiology (“IPNB”), Dan has overseen the publication of over one hundred books in the transdisciplinary IPNB framework which focuses on the mind and mental health.
A graduate of Harvard Medical School, Dan completed his postgraduate training at UCLA specializing in pediatrics, and adult, adolescent, and child psychiatry.  He was trained in attachment research and narrative analysis through a National Institute of Mental Health research training fellowship focusing on how relationships shape our autobiographical ways of making sense of our lives and influence our development across the lifespan.
LEARN MORE
BOOKS BY
Dr. Dan Siegel
The Developing Mind, 3rd Edition
The Power of Showing Up
Aware: The Science and Practice of Presence
Mindsight
ALL BOOKS
ALL ABOUT DAN
In The Media
Play Video
New book helps parents become present with their kids
Good Morning America Interview
Play Video
Presence, Parenting and the Planet
Dan @ Google
Play Video
Mind, Self and Consciousness
Garrison Institute 
BLOG
Dr. Dan Siegel
The Verdict Is In — The case for attachment theory
January 30, 2020
While many schools of psychotherapy have held that our early experiences with our caretakers have a powerful impact on our adult functioning, there have been
Read More
The Psychological Effects of the Conflicting Stories We Hear
December 20, 2019
Whatever one’s political beliefs—and I myself live in a family with many disparate views represented—one thing is clear: there are psychological consequences to the protracted
Read More
Expanding Your Holiday HUB
December 1, 2019
This time of year, between Thanksgiving and the winter holidays can be filled with a wide range of feelings, from joy and gratitude to longing
Read More
VIEW ALL BLOG POSTS
MINDSIGHT INSTITUTE COURSES
Learn With Dr. Dan Siegel
$449
Transforming Anxiety and Stress by Integrating the Embodied Brain
9hrs
15 Lessons
All levels
$149
Aware: The Science and Practice of Presence
11hrs
7 Lessons
All levels
$650
The Mindsight Approach to Well-Being: A Comprehensive Course in Interpersonal Neurobiology
36hrs
24 Lessons
All levels
$525
Attachment and Relational Resilience Across the Lifespan
10.5hrs
30 Lessons
All levels
ALL MINDSIGHT INSTITUTE COURSES
THE BEST PRAISE
Testimonials
Dan is a natural storyteller. The lectures are both an accessible guide into understanding the human mind and an eloquent examination of relationships that are scientifically accurate and understandable to the lay clinician.
Mario Cepeda, MFT
Freud’s theory of the unconscious and Darwin’s model of evolution continue to help us understand the findings from current research on human behavior....Daniel Siegel’s theory of Mindsight— the brain’s capacity for both insight and empathy—offers a similar 'Aha!' "
Daniel GolemanAuthor, Emotional Intelligence
I am excited to use the Wheel of Awareness to foster integration in my patients, who I treat with a fusion of neurology and yoga.
Amelia Barrett, M.D.Neurologist
LEARN THE BASICS
Wheel of Awareness
Learn the basics of Dan’s groundbreaking mindfulness practice, the Wheel of Awareness, that has been used with hundreds of thousands of people around the world.
WHEEL OF AWARENESS PRACTICES
Invite Dan to Speak
Dr. Dan Siegel’s unique ability to make complicated scientific concepts easy to understand and exciting has led him to be invited to address diverse local, national and international groups of mental health professionals, neuroscientists, corporate leaders, educators, parents, public administrators, healthcare providers, policy-makers, and clergy.
He has been invited to lecture for the King of Thailand, Pope John Paul II, His Holiness the Dalai Lama, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Intel, Nike and the Parliaments of the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Ireland.
LEARN MORE
CONTACT US
Biography
Mindsight
Contact Us
Resources
Blog
Press
Courses @ Mindsight Institute
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Twitter
Envelope
© 2021 Mind Your Brain, Inc. | Cookie Policy | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service