570.455.0600
CONTACT US
EMPLOYEE LOGIN
Industrial Maintenance and Industrial Cleaning Company
With more than decades of experience in the power plant industry, The Merrick Group has grown to include a number of specialists with vast experience and unparalleled expertise in various fields such as heat exchanger cleaning, condenser tube maintenance, and more.
CONTACT THE MERRICK GROUP: AN INDUSTRIAL CLEANING & MAINTENANCE COMPANY
Industrial Cleaning and Maintenance Services
The Merrick Group has been a reliable partner for decades of experience, consistently completing services under time and under budget. With The Merrick Group, you can expect efficient services due to our state-of-the-art technology and impeccable safety record. Our current customers span the globe, and are happy to continue using our worldwide services every year.
As the leader in industrial equipment cleaning and maintenance, here is a list of services provided by our expert staff of qualified and certified employees:
Heat Exchanger Services
Condenser Tube Services
Cooling Tower Cleaning & Maintenance
Industrial Cleaning Services
Industrial Hydro-Excavation
Tank Cleaning Services
Industrial Decontamination
Industrial Pipe Cleaning Services
Vacuum Truck Services
Industrial Protective Coating Services
CALL TODAY FOR WORLD-WIDE INDUSTRIAL SERVICES
Industrial Inspection Services
In addition to our expert cleaning and maintenance services, The Merrick Group has certified inspectors able to perform the following industrial testing and inspection services.
AMPP Inspections
Eddy Current Testing
Containment System Leakage Testing
EMAIL TO SCHEDULE YOUR INDUSTRIAL INSPECTION
Certification Partners and Affiliates
Testimonials
The Merrick Group went above and beyond to procure the necessary coating supplies to ensure the timely completion of the coating repair work, helping the station avoid a Notice of Violation and all of the added regulatory risk that would come with it.
– Jerrold McCormick, Sr. Environmental Scientist-Nuclear – Susquehanna Steam Electric Station
The Merrick Crews did an outstanding job on all Outage Work. Great Leadership, all of the crew members are a pleasure to work with… Efficient, Safe work practices, all jobs are left in better shape than when the job was started. Truly an Old School way of working together. Thank You All.
– Chuck Foose, Maintenance Supervisor – Brunner Island Steam Electric Station
I was extremely happy with The Merrick Group on this project and the way you handled issues that came up to keep us on schedule. The quick turnaround on the Test Reports was AWESOME. You are definitely specialists in what you do and I will certainly recommend The Merrick Group to others.
– Jeffrey Rayford, President – Tuskeegee Contracting
Thank you, Keith, and thank you to the whole Merrick Team (this includes the amazing Eddy Current Team too). I have heard over the years “A team is only as strong as its weakest link”. When I reflect on our 6-7 outages together, I can say that that quote is not always true. You all pull together as a team that lifts all the moving parts to a high standard of quality workmanship. The way you work together and perform makes every link be set to a standard that elevates the chain as a whole. If this is my last outage serving as HX MNT Tech Support/Job Sponsor know that I hold our time together in high regard. You all have been taught me so many things. I wish you all well in all your future endeavors and hope our paths cross again.
– Edwin Pittillo –  McGuire Nuclear Station
Power Plant Maintenance and Cleaning FAQs
What types of clients do you provide industrial services for?
What types of certifications and qualifications do your nuclear technicians carry?
What makes you the best industrial cleaning company?
Why is The Merrick Group the best industrial maintenance company?
Are you hiring for nuclear technician jobs?
Choose The Merrick Group for Power Plant Maintenance and Industrial Cleaning Services
Our primary customers are nuclear power plants, but we perform our services for a variety of other industrial clients. Here are just a few of the reasons our satisfied fossil power plants continue to choose The Merrick Group for their Spring and Fall Outages:
Worldwide
Serving Clients Across the Globe
Reliability
Proven record of success
Efficiency
Cost Effective and on-time
Dependable Technology
Using modern technology methods
Safety
It’s Part of our Culture
Continue reading about The Merrick Group Advantage. Learn how, as a family-owned company, we are focused on employee training and growth. We also care about supporting our community and raising money for charity causes such as Veterans, Toys For Tots, and more.
GET INDUSTRIAL CLEANING SERVICES
CONTACT US
Phone: (570) 455-0600
Fax: (570) 455-5787
100 Unico Drive
West Hazleton, PA 18202
7822 Commerce Drive
Denver, NC 28037
Industrial Maintenance and Services
Heat Exchanger Cleaning Services
Condenser Tube Cleaning Services
Cooling Tower Cleaning & Maintenance
Industrial Cleaning Services
Industrial Hydro Excavation Services
Industrial Tank Cleaning
Industrial Decontamination
Industrial Pipe Cleaning Services
Vacuum Truck Services
Industrial Coating Services
Inspections and Industries Served
AMPP Inspections
Eddy Current Testing
Containment System Leakage Testing
Fossil Fuel and Thermal Power Plant Maintenance
Nuclear Power Plant Cleaning Services
About Us
Blog
Careers
News and Projects
Quality Assurance Program
Site Map | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use
Copyright © 2024 The Merrick Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Web Design by Boomtown Internet Group