DE
EN
Navigation
The company iXenso AG is now CONVOTIS.
empower IT
Growth and efficiency through digitalization.
4
COUNTRIES
10
LOCATIONS
+
449
EMPLOYEES
+
1.077
CUSTOMERS
empower IT.
Your partner for digital transformation.
With our three strategic business areas – Business IT, Platform IT and Managed IT – we are a strategic partner for our customers to drive growth and efficiency through digitalization.
With 1,000 employees across 23 locations in 9 countries, we support our customers with expert teams 24/7 in the areas of business applications, digital platform solutions and the operation of complete IT infrastructures.
Long-term customer relationships, collaborative partnerships and flexibility are key factors for CONVOTIS’ success. Growing together – both nationally and internationally.
Learn more about who we are and what drives us in the video opposite or continue reading here.
Our 3 Business Areas.
End-to-end IT solutions for your digital future.
Our Service & Solutions Portfolio fits together like a puzzle, forming the perfect IT solution.
With our Business IT solutions, we optimize corporate business processes. To achieve this, we deploy state-of-the-art technologies from our strategic partners, such as P&I LOGA, DATEV or SAP.
For us, Managed IT means efficient and responsible management of our clients’ IT infrastructures as a service. We ensure the optimized operation of digital workplaces and provide comprehensive security solutions. This allows our clients to focus on their core business.
In the area of Platform IT, we provide platform solutions for different business processes and industries, including digital experience platforms. With our agile teams, we support complete IT transformation, focusing on Data & AI, as well as the digital empowerment of our customers.
SAP
Digital Workplace
About CONVOTIS
CONVOTIS warmly welcomes swiss cloud computing ag to the group.
CONVOTIS strengthens its market position in Switzerland with the recent acquisition of swiss cloud...
About CONVOTIS
Calligo (Luxembourg) PSF S.A. is the latest member of the CONVOTIS Group.
CONVOTIS enters the Luxembourgish IT market with the acquisition of Calligo (Luxembourg) PSF S.A.,...
We are here for you!
Would you like to talk with our experts?
Do you want to learn more about our services?
The CONVOTIS team is happy to answer all your questions!
info@convotis.com
+49 (0) 211 730673 00
info@convotis.com
LinkedIn
Privacy
Imprint
Terms & Conditions