Search
Type and hit enter
Home
Live
News
Band
History
Timeline
Music
Streaming
Discography
Media
Videos
Photos
Tabs
Shop
Shop Home
Music
Vinyl
CDs
Clothing
Shirts
Girlies
More Shops
Zeitgeist
Contact
The Very End
Massive Metal
Video Singles
Circle Of The Scythe – Official Music Video
Zeitgeist – Official 4K Music Video
Light The Lows – Official Music Video
Until There’s Nothing Left Of Us – Official Lyric Video
VIEW MORE VIDEOS
Live
Booking Request
New live dates coming soon…!
Music & Merch Store
Scythe – T-Shirt
22,90 €
Scythe – Girlie Shirt
22,90 €
Scythe – Lady’s Tank Top
22,90 €
VISIT SHOP
Latest News
Official release
The Very End unleashes relentless metal anthem “Circle Of The Scythe”!
02/23/2024 music video, new single, official release, Official video
Rising from the depths of the Ruhr-Area’s metal scene, The Very End returns with a ferocious standalone single that will ignite mosh pits...
READ MORE
Video
Video shoot at Zeche Zollverein
01/27/2024 Behind the scenes, video shoot
Two days days of video shoot at cultural heritage Zeche Zollverein with the agency Social Media Konzepte feat. Rene Bogdanski before and behind...
READ MORE
Endorsement
Marc Bräutigam is endorsed by Solar Guitars
09/19/2023 endorsement, Solar guitars
We’re proud to announce that Solar Guitars welcomes The Very End’s Marc to their family!
READ MORE
VIEW MORE POSTS
Photos
VIEW MORE ALBUMS
Releases
VIEW MORE RELEASES
Follow
Privacy Policy • Imprint • Press
All rights reserved © by The Very End 2024
Privacy Preference
We need your consent before you can continue on our website.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings. Please note that based on individual settings not all functions of the site may be available.
Some services process personal data in the USA. With your consent to use these services, you also consent to the processing of your data in the USA pursuant to Art. 49 (1) lit. a GDPR. The ECJ classifies the USA as a country with insufficient data protection according to EU standards. For example, there is a risk that U.S. authorities will process personal data in surveillance programs without any existing possibility of legal action for Europeans.
Privacy Preference
Essential
External Media
Accept all
Save
Accept only essential cookies
Individual Privacy Preferences
Cookie Details Privacy Policy Imprint