(313) 295-3937 info@switcheyecenter.com
Your Vision is Our Top Priority
When it comes to a patient’s eye vision, nothing is more important to our eye doctors than ensuring the preservation and restoration of their sight. Every decision, every action taken by our ophthalmologists revolves around one central goal: to improve the patient’s visual health and enhance their quality of life. You can expect Drs. Switch and Rasansky to listen intently to your concerns with empathy. 
Learn More About Us
Experienced Doctors
Drs. Switch and Rasansky can diagnose and treat a variety of eye conditions and help patients restore their vision.
Professional & Friendly Staff
Our staff prides itself on ensuring you have a positive experience from your first phone call through your visit.
Emergency Appointments Available
Your time is valuable and want to help in emergent situations. We often offer same day appointments for urgent issues.
Our Services
At Switch Eye Center, our downriver opthalmologists help diagnose and treat a variety of eye conditions including glaucoma, cataracts, dry eye, allergy eyes, styes, eye infections, and macular degeneration. They also perform screenings and full eye exams to help detect macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy.
Full Eye Exam
A comprehensive eye exam can do more than just give you a current prescription for glasses. An annual eye exam can help detect abnormalities in the eyes that could lead to vision loss if left untreated.
Learn More
Glaucoma Procedures
Our state-of-the-art glaucoma procedures are designed to effectively manage and treat this sight-threatening condition. Learn more about glaucoma and the glaucoma procedures available.
Learn More
Cataracts
While cataracts cannot be prevented, patients have options. Learn more about cataracts and the different procedures that can help restore clear vision and allow you to get back to your life.
Learn More
Screenings and Treatments
Diabetic Eye Exam
Performed as part of a comprehensive eye exam, a diabetic retinal eye exam checks for signs of diabetic retinopathy which can cause serious complications including vision loss or blindness.
Retinal Screenings
Using high-resolution imaging systems, we take pictures of the inside of your eye to help detect diseases early while creating a historical record of changes in your eye through each eye exam.
Dry Eye Treatment
While there are many treatments for dry eye including eye drops, it’s important to mention dry eyes when you come in for an appointment so we can provide treatment options.
Insurance
We understand how expensive caring for your vision can be. Switch Eye Center participates in most major medical plans. 
View Accepted Plans
“This is the best eye care center! I had an eye emergency and was able to get in quick, as has happened in the past with Dr Switch. Dr Rasansky took care of me this time. He was great as well. The entire staff is wonderful. I wouldn’t go anywhere else.! Thank you so much for tending to the ingrown hair in my eye! It’s healing nicely!“
Melinda C.
Patient
Choose a Doctor
Dr. Jerome Switch
Dr. Michael Rasansky
No Preference

© Copyright 2024 Switch Eye Center. All Rights Reserved.