Menu
Previous
Production
Find out more
Next
Culture of improvement
Modern cell culture media enable enhanced production of bio-pharmaceuticals, diagnostic proteins, viral vectors and vaccines in mammalian cell lines.
As a versatile and innovative partner for the global biotech and pharmaceutical industry, Xell provides highly efficient solutions in cell culture technology. Since our formation we have focused on strengthening our technological platform through continuous development and innovation, thus enhancing our products and our customers’ capabilities in cell culture technology.
Creating ultra-high-performance culture media and feeds, applying our powerful analytical tools for in-depth characterization of media components and working closely with our customers as a team, we create solutions for any challenges met in cell culture technology.
Catalogue Products
Production
Analytics
R&D Services
Newsletter

I have read and agree to the terms & conditions. I agree that Xell AG might use the information provided on this form to be in touch with me and to provide company updates and marketing via email. I acknowledge and agree that the information provided in this form will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their privacy policy and terms.
Subscribe










PRODUCTS
for CHO cells
for HEK293 / human cells
for hybridoma cells
for other cells
PRODUCTION
Manufacturing site
Quality and Compliance
Packaging and Logistics
ANALYTICS
Analytical Services
R&D SERVICES
Portrait
Service Portfolio
Medium and Feed Development
Gene Therapy
Exemplary Projects
ABOUT US
Our Background
Commercial References
Our Partners
Distributors
Career
CONTACT
Contact form
Meet us
FAQ
Feedback
Sartorius Xell AG Data Protection Declaration / Disclaimer Imprint
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Do not sell my personal information.
Cookie settings
ACCEPT