Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Functional
Analytics
Marketing












Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
OUR MISSION
To Accelerate Net Zero Transportation with the
Transition to EVs.
Learn more
Our Global Partners
We’re already powering the world’s largest businesses and fleet operators.
Our Offerings
Our EV Infrastructure Solutions are designed for any company, no matter where you are in your electrification journey.
AC & DC Charging Hardware
EO manufactured charge points or integrations with any OCPP compliant hardware.
Dedicated Fleet Software
EO Cloud console provides proactive monitoring, integrations with telematics & fleet scheduling software.
Energy Management
Software enabled load management that protects your supply, optimises consumption and directs charge where it is needed most.
Development & Construction
Upfront detailed vehicle & energy data analysis. Site designs, grid connections, power upgrades & installation services.
24/7/365 Support
Premium service drives maximum uptime for mission-critical charging infrastructure with platform based monitoring.
Monetisation
Monetise your charging infrastructure to boost secure recurring revenue, and optimise energy costs.
Our Mission
To accelerate Net Zero Transportation with the transition to EVs.
EO Charging has manufactured 85,000+ chargers and deployed 13,000+ commercial charging stations across 35+ countries globally and will continue to innovate its solutions to make the transition to EVs simple, reliable, and accessible to fleets globally.
EO has been pioneering commercial grade EV charging for over a decade.
EO delivers unrivaled charge assurance in the EV Charging marketplace.
EO has enabled the zero carbon transition for the most demanding commercial transport operators including Amazon and GoAhead group.
Our Company
EO Charging has been at the forefront of fleet electrification, supporting some of the world's largest and most complex fleets to switch to EVs.
EO Charging in numbers
Pioneering Electrification
85k+
Chargers
manufactured
1.7k+
Sites
13k+
Commercial charging stations
120+
Partners
119 GWh
Energy consumed
Powered 25 Million London Public Bus Miles
Our Team
3 Offices Worldwide
180+
Employees
35+
Countries
Latest stories
NEWS
| TRUCK & VAN
EO Charging Launches Energy Management Solution
EO’s new solution will optimise energy usage and cost inside fleet depots
NEWS
| CAR
British Born EO Charging Accredited BSI Kitemark™ Safety and Quality Certification
BSI gives the stamp of approval for the quality, safety, and security of EO’s products and manufacturing process
BLOG
Has the Autumn Statement driven mobility momentum?
EO is working to create a charging ecosystem that gives fleets the power of energy autonomy. Making this vision a reality requires the government, businesses, customers, and consumers to work together, so it’s always a welcome moment when ministers step forward with changes or incentives that might make a difference.
Explore more
Keep me updated
Sign-up to learn about our latest news, product updates and electric adventures.
By ticking this box you consent to EO Charging sending you marketing and communication emails. You can unsubscribe at anytime by clicking the relevant unsubscribe link in the emails.
Subscribe
Follow the journey
@eocharging
Home charging
Commercial charging
Software
Support
Stories
About us
Contact us
Visit us
Find an installer
Become an installer
Press enquiries
Register warranty
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection Notice
Recruitment Data Protection Notice
Cookie Notice
Other policies
Copyright © 2024 Juuce Limited. All rights reserved