Empowering every customer to do more with IT
We empower all banking institutions to achieve their strategic mission and goals with the help of Information Technology. We do so by ensuring three main pillars strongly support their seamless operations and growth.
Our mission
Made-to-fit solutions
Designing and developing the most effective IT solutions
Top-notch support
Security, reliability, and a cost-effective approach
End-user autonomy
Deploying self-service and automation capabilities
LIFE AT QUIPU
Honouring Achievements – 20 Years of Quipu
March marks the 20th anniversary of Quipu. As we celebrate this important milestone, we want to take this opportunity and extend our deepest gratitude to all Quipu colleagues, partners and friends, and the acknowledgment of what an honour it is to have walked this path together.
Going further, we want to reflect on the history that we have lived, mark this present moment now worth celebrating, and design on this basis our next journey with you. Fostering innovation, focusing on quality, leaving our strong mark, and working for a sustainable environment - here is your new Quipu, building on our legacy and always looking towards a bright future!
Video Player
https://www.quipu.de/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/empowering_new-logo_website-1.mp4
00:00
00:20
Cloud & Infrastructure
We make sure all banking applications run smoothly on a properly scaled infrastructure and necessary storage, ensuring high availability with carefully balanced costs.
Get more information
Banking Software
Our complete suite of banking software tailored to the industry, ranging from core banking to treasury, accounting, reporting, and more.
Get more information
Card Payment Services
Our dedicated services for the card payment industry, with a strong focus on security and convenience for the end-user.
Get more information
Join us at Quipu
We have a diverse range of opportunities for all levels of seniority, from experienced professionals
to students and recent graduates eager to begin their careers in the IT industry.
Learn more
Careers
Join our team
EXPERIENCED HIRES
EXPERIENCED HIRES
Highly skilled professionals are key to offering top-quality services in all areas of banking. From cloud to networking engineers, database professionals, and software developers, we have a wide range of technology roles in our internationally spread team.
Learn more
GRADUATE
GRADUATE PROGRAMME
Six months comprehensive graduate IT programme dedicated to the financial and banking industry, designed to equip you with all the necessary skills and knowledge to excel in the IT industry within the financial services field.
Learn more
INTERNSHIP
INTERNSHIP
Kickstart your IT career with Quipu. We have an internship programme designed to support your learning, while also allowing proper time for your university attendance and assignments. You are welcome to join our teams at work and during our team events.
Learn more
Empowering every customer to do more with IT
Data Protection
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Sitemap
© 2024 Quipu. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy
We use cookies
We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.
Accept all
Deny
No, adjust