Menu
Book Appointment
020 8449 3411
83 Station Road, Barnet, EN5 1PX
Creating The Perfect Smile For Our Patients
With professional and experienced staff at Mona Lisa Dental Clinic in Barnet
Request an appointment
Leading Cosmetic Dentist in Barnet: Mona Lisa Smiles Dentists for Exceptional Care
Exceptional care, personalised solutions. We handpick elite dentists for unparalleled expertise in all procedures, from routine checkups to smile makeovers. Experience award-winning, comfortable dentistry in Barnet. Contact our dentists in Barnet today for your free consultation.
Request an Appointment
Call us on 020 8449 3411
Teeth Whitening
Go shades whiter in as little as one hour.
Dental implants
A real solution to missing teeth.
Invisalign
Virtually invisible and removable.
Face & Body
Turn back the clocks with anti aging treatments.
ADVANCED
Dental
CARE
COSMETIC
DENTISTRY
Take our online selfie smile assessment
Dental Implants
Learn More
Mona Lisa Smiles is located in a charming house a few minutes’ walk from High Barnet underground station on the Northern Line, and close to New Barnet overground station.
The property has been designed to create a calm and pleasant environment for our clients and team. Parking is available on the drive as well as plenty of free parking on Gloucester Road.
Two of our surgeries overlook our beautifully landscaped tranquil garden which our patients thoroughly appreciate and admire.
Passing through from the welcoming entrance and reception area, visitors can relax in a comfortable lounge. In contrast to these areas, the four treatment rooms are shamelessly high-tech, featuring state-of-the-art equipment and clean, efficient layouts.
Request an Appointment
Call us on 020 8449 3411
Monalisa Smiles; Private Dentist in Barnet
Look and Feel Great with a Dentist in Barnet
A radiant smile not only boosts confidence but also reflects good oral health practices. At Mona Lisa Smile Dental Clinic in Barnet, we understand the significance of maintaining a healthy set of teeth. Early intervention is key to preventing future dental complications. As your trusted dentist in Barnet, we offer a comprehensive range of dental services, including cosmetic, orthodontic, implant treatments, and dental surgery.
Whether you seek general dentistry to uphold oral hygiene or Invisalign dentistry to correct tooth imperfections, our dedicated team is here to cater to your needs. Rest assured, your smile is in capable hands at Mona Lisa Smile Dental Clinic (Your Barnet Dentist).
Mona Lisa Smiles
Mona Lisa Smiles (Your Dentist in Barnet), an advanced dental practice based in North London, Barnet, Offers services in restorative, cosmetic and implant treatments.
Helpful Links
Our Team
Treatments
Price List
Blog
Practice Gallery
Referrals
Privacy Policy
Patient Complaints Procedure
Get In Touch
83 Station Road, Barnet, EN5 1PX
info@monalisasmiles.co.uk
020 8449 3411
© Mona Lisa Smiles. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies on our website.Accept