01245 348488
Menu
Visit Mirabella Beauty Salon In Chelmsford For All Your Beauty Needs
Award-Winning Beauty Salon In Chelmsford
Thank you to all our lovely clients who voted for Mirabella Beauty Salon to become the Best Beauty Salon in the Muddy Stiletto Awards. We are thrilled to have made it to the finals against some stiff competition!
For those who have not already visited us, Mirabella is a luxury bespoke beauty salon situated in Moulsham Street, Chelmsford. Our skilled therapists offer a wide range of treatments including manicures & pedicures, lash & brow services, hair removal, CACI Synergy, LED Light Therapy, Dermalogica Facials and Wellbeing Massages, anti-wrinkle injections, dermal fillers and semi-permanent make up.
BOOK NOW
DERMALOGICA FACIALS
We offer a great range of Dermalogica facials which can be tailored to your needs including ageing skin, dry dehydrated skin, sensitive skin or blemished skin. 
READ MORE
CACI FACELIFTS
If you’re looking for a facial with a difference, we're pleased to offer you our acclaimed CACI Synergy Facials at Mirabella Beauty Salon in Essex, which are packed full of amazing benefits for your skin.  
READ MORE
MASSAGES
At our Chelmsford beauty salon, we offer a number of massage treatments to help reduce stress and promote relaxation, and prevent the build-up of occupational health problems such as back, neck or shoulder aches. 
READ MORE
LED LIGHT THERAPY
A 60 minute LED light facial at Mirabella Beauty Salon in Chelmsford, Essex, is fantastic for all-round skin health, delivering energy into the skin’s cells to boost collagen, elastin and hyaluronic acid.
READ MORE
HANDS & FEET
For some of the best beauty treatments in Essex, visit Mirabella Beauty Salon in Chelmsford where we offer OPI manicures, pedicures and nail services for men and women, including gel nails and foot treatments. 
READ MORE
LASHES & BROWS
If you’re looking for brow tinting and shaping or eyelash treatments in Essex look no further than Mirabella Beauty Salon. We offer a wide range of lash and brow treatments to suit your requirements.
READ MORE
HAIR REMOVAL
At Mirabella Beauty Salon in Chelmsford, our experienced beauty therapists offer a wide range of waxing treatments to cover all your hair removal requirements. This service is available for men and women.
READ MORE
AESTHETICS
We work alongside a qualified Doctor who offers anti-wrinkle injections and dermal fillers to help men and women who want to erase the signs of ageing such as fine lines, wrinkles and sagging skin.
READ MORE
Follow Us On Instagram @mirabellabeautysalon

Follow on Instagram

FIND US
Mirabella Beauty Salon
154 Moulsham Street
Chelmsford
Essex
CM2 0LD
01245 348488
info@mirabellabeautysalon.co.uk
BOOK ONLINE
STAY IN TOUCH
Sign up to our newsletter
SIGN ME UP
OPENING HOURS
Monday Closed
Tuesday 10:00am 5:00pm
Wednesday 10:00am 6:00pm
Thursday 10:00am 8:00pm
Friday 10:00am 6:00pm
Saturday 9:00am 5:00pm
Sunday Closed
Sitemap
Website by salonguru.net Report a Website issue
To the top ↑
This website uses cookies.OK