Product Categories
Housekeeping Dispensers
Kitchen & Food Service Dispensers
Laundry Dispensers
Industrial Dispensers
Solenoid Valves, Injectors, & Strainers
Dairy, Agriculture & Irrigation Dispensers
Why DEMA?
DEMA offers a vast range of products for numerous markets and applications. With a rich heritage in design and manufacturing, combined with knowledgeable staff and support teams DEMA can provide the best solution for each and every requirement.
ABOUT US
Featured Products
Pinnacle
Intorucing Pinnacle, the newest family of warewash dispensers from DEMA. The Pinnacle series is the most technologically advanced warewash dispenser available.
LEARN MORE
Viking Detergent Bowl
The Viking Bowl is the perfect choice for dry chemical dispensing in commercial kitchens. The bowl will accommodate both encapsulated powder and solid chemical products.
LEARN MORE
Fusion Pro
The modern and clean design makes the Fusion Pro ideal for variuos applications and installation locations. The Fusion Pro has been designed with the installer, service technician, and cleaning staff in mind.
LEARN MORE
Global Presence, Local Support.
DEMA products are sold throughout the world and supported by our global sales force, strategically located around the world. With five manufacturing facilities in the United States, light manufacturing in Europe and Australia, and global contract manufacturing, we’re able to streamline product delivery to critical markets throughout North America, Europe, Australia, Asia, and Latin America.
Sales Support
Our sales managers are dedicated to your success. We specialize in delivering regional support throughout the world. When you work with DEMA, you have our entire team of experts in engineering, manufacturing, and sales ready to assist you.
LOCATE
Customer & Technical Support
Our customer and technical support teams are trained to make product ordering, installation, and servicing easy. Our staff is ready to support you. Contact us today.
CONTACT
Resource Library
An extensive collection of resources to support your business’ needs including instruction sheets, parts lists, troubleshooting documents, reference sheets, and regulatory approvals.
DISCOVER
DEMA Corporate Headquarters
DEMA Engineering Company
10020 Big Bend Road
Saint Louis, MO 63122 USA
Phone: +1 314 966 3533
Fax: +1 314 965 8319
sales@demaeng.com
Quick Links
Careers
Regulatory Approvals
Products
DEMA Agriculture
GC Valves, LLC.
Viking, LLC.
©2020 DEMA All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
|
Legal Disclaimer
Beanstalk Web Solutions