Home
About Us
Commercial
Freight
Long Distance
Cube Sheet
Liability
Contact Us
Blog
Realtors
Menu
Always Moving & Relocation
Better Business Bureau
Brand Colorado
Move Boxer
Free Moving Quote
First Name*
Phone Number
Email*
Moving From*
Moving To*
Move Date*
Size Of Move*
Studio
1 Bedroom Apartment or House
2 Bedroom Apartment or House
3 Bedroom Apartment or House
4 Bedroom Apartment or House
5+ Bedrooms
Commercial/Freight
Extra Details
Check If You're Human.*
Submit
About Us
Always Moving & Relocation is a licensed and insured Local Colorado Moving Company servicing Denver, CO and surrounding cities. Specializing in Residential, Long Distance, Commercial, Specialty and Freight moves. Quality and affordable services with a focus on making your relocation successful and stress free.

Commercial Moving Services
When it comes to commercial moving, Always Moving & Relocation Services understands the importance of working quickly and efficiently to keep downtime and cost at a minimum.
More On Our Office Moving Services...

Freight Moving Services
Always Moving & Relocation makes the Freight Shipping process simple with quality, efficiency and safety in mind. To get your freight shipped to your destination, damaged free and at a cost that YOU consider value is what we are all about.
More On Our Freight Moving Services…

Long Distance Moving Services
Whether you are a grocery store clerk, a lawyer or a plumber, moving to a nearby state or across the country, Always Moving & Relocation provides you with quality customer service, an efficient moving plan at a cost that gives you value. More On Our Interstate Moving Services...
Glossary Terms Of The Types Of Moving Services We Offer...
Local Moving
Local Moves are moves typically under 100 miles{depending on the mover} and within the same state. Usually priced by the number of men in addition to the number of hours. Some companies have a trip fee. Additional services like packing are usually extra.
Long Distance Moving
Long Distance moves are moves typically over 100 miles{depending on the mover} and can be within one state or out of state. This type of move normally consists of two choices. Full Service, the movers do everything from the packing, loading, driving and unloading. And Self Service, the movers handle the the loading, driving and unloading, you handle the packing. Typically priced by the weight and distance of the move.
Interstate Moving
Interstate moves are similar to Long Distance except for that these types of moves always cross state lines, be it a few or hundreds of miles. Typically priced by the weight and distance of the move. Some companies price by the volume but that isn't recommended since it is dependent on on how the movers pack the truck.
Commercial Moving
Commercial moves are the relocation of businesses. This type of moving service will vary on price as different companies have different types of commercial moving options. Some companies may charge by the total square footage of the office while another might charge by the number of men and total hours. Others might charge by the office/employees or the size and or type of material/machinery.
Auto Transportation
Auto Transportation is simply that. The transportation of your vehicle from one location to another location.Cost will vary depending on the type of auto transport you choose. Multi-Vehicle Open Carrier Transport is usually the cheapest because you are splitting the cost with other customers that are on the same route or residing in the same area as you. In comparison an Closed Trailer Auto Transport will cost a little more because the total cost is yours but your automobile is also protected from weather and various other things that can transpire on the road.
Moving Labor
Moving Labor consists of the moving company doing either the packing and or the loading and unloading of the truck. Pricing is usually a combination of number of men and total hours.
Testimonials
Nick
Kendra Pak | Keller Williams
TESTIMONIALS
What Customers Say About Us?
As a Real Estate Agent, Always Moving & Relocation Services has moved several of my clients and they have always provided superior services. They are very professional and pay close attention to detail, something that I have yet to find in other companies.
G.Timani // Metro Brokers
Facts...
20+
Years Of Moving Experience
18000+
Local & Out Of State Moves
100+
Angie's Lists Testimonials
100%
Dedicated To Quality
Denver, Colorado
Denver, Colorado, “The Mile High City”, is Colorado’s capital, located a mile above sea level. Because Denver is the largest city in the state, it represents the diversity and culture in which Colorado prides itself. Denver’s majestic mountain view, outdoor recreation, sports, entertainment, and arts are just a few reasons to move to Denver. The city continues to grow at a rapid pace for several reasons, newly created jobs, great weather to compliment the Rocky Mountain View and a great quality of living just to name a few. Denver has been known to be so magnetic that many visitors decide that calling Denver home is so much better. So whatever your reasons for moving to Denver, the below motives should make you that much more excited.
Denver Moving Services
"Colorado Movers. Redefining The Industry"
Always Moving & Relocation offers affordable and quality Denver Moving Services. We provide everything you need for the moving process including peace of mind. We will make your relocation a much smoother transition. Our caring and courteous movers will safely pack and deliver you to your new destination.
Moving To Denver? A Few Reasons Why Relocating To Denver Is A Great Move...
Denver Family Living
Family Living - Families considering moving to Denver will appreciate it's superb school system as well as a variety of academic choices for the whole family. Educational Institutes, businesses, and civic relationships makes Denver neighborhoods and surrounding cities the excellent choice for relocation.
Denver Weather
Denver definitely experiences four seasons. Whether it's hot, sunny, mild, rainy or snowy Denver's weather provides an atmosphere that will attract you to make Denver your permanent home.
Denver Outdoors
Denver and surrounding areas have more than enough outdoor activities for those that enjoy and live an active lifestyle. Whether it's parks and recreations, lakes or trail, Botanic Gardens, Pavilions, The Rocky Mountains, wildlife adventures or ski resorts, you'll have a never ending journey of outdoor attractions.
Denver Professionals
Denver attracts many young, seasoned, educated professionals and entrepreneurs. Techies and start ups will love Denver's urban environment, diversity, and feel of the city.
Denver Sports
Denver is one of the best sports cities in the nation, hosting several professional sports teams with a solid and loyal fan base. If you love sports, you'll love Denver.
Denver Arts & Culture
Art galleries, art districts, performing arts, museums, live music, and comedy are a few of the cultures that makes Denver world class.
"A Day In Denver" by Ryan Dravitz
Denver Resources
City County Of Denver
http://www.denvergov.org/
Denver Chamber Of Commerce
http://www.denverchamber.org/
Visitor Information Resources
http://www.denver.org/
Neighborhood Resources
http://www.denvergov.org/
Regional Transportation Distrcit
http://www.rtd-denver.org/
Denver Public Schools
http://www.dpsk12.org/
Moving Services For The Denver Metro Area, Surrounding Cities & Colorado Regions...Relocation To Colorado Region's Are From Denver & Surrounding Cities Only.
Denver And Surrounding Cities...
Arvada, Aurora, Brighton, Broomfield, Castle Rock, Denver, Englewood, Evergreen, Golden, Highlands Ranch, Lakewood, Littleton, Parker, Thornton, Westminster...
Front Range
Black Hawk, Boulder, Central City, Estes Park, Fort Collins, Georgetown, Greeley, Idaho Springs, Lafayette, Longmont, Louisville, Loveland, Lyons, Red Feather Lakes...
Northwest Colorado
Aspen, Beaver Creek, Breckenridge, Dillon, Frisco, Glenwood Springs, Grand Junction, Grand Lake, Keystone, Palisade, Snowmass, Steamboat Springs, Vail, Winter Park...
South Central Colorado
Alamosa, Buena Vista, Cañon City, Colorado Springs, Creede, Cripple Creek, Fairplay, Fort Carson, Lake George, Leadville, Manitou Springs, Monument, Salida, Woodland Park...
Southeast Colorado
Colorado City, Fowler, Holly, La Junta, La Veta, Lamar, Las Animas, Ordway, Pueblo, Pueblo West, Rocky Ford, Springfield, Trinidad, Walsenburg...
Southwest Colorado
Bayfield, Cedaredge, Cortez, Crested Butte/Mt. Crested Butte, Delta, Durango, Gunnison, Montrose, Olathe, Ouray, Pagosa Springs, Silverton, Telluride, Vallecito Lake...
Latest Posts
VIEW ALL -
in Spring Moving
Moving In The Spring
Spring time moving is one of the better seasons to relocate. The weather is transitioning from a colder to milder climate. The days are getting longer. And you tend to get better deals from moving companies and if you are selling your home during the spring, it tends to sell a little faster. Below are...
in Moving Scams
Types Of Moving Scams
With the millions of people moving yearly, the need to avoid moving scams and the rogue movers that employ them should be one of your top priorities when getting ready for a relocation. Below are some of the different types of moving scams that fraudulent movers will use to take advantage of people. Bait &...
in Moving Scams
How To Avoid A Moving Scam
Finding the right moving company can be a task in itself. Taking the time to research can ultimately save you time and money. As in life, there are those who do good and those who do not. The moving industry is no different. There are some moving companies (rogue movers) whose primary goal is to...
in Commercial Moving
3 Small Business Moving Tips
Keeping downtime to a minimum is what any small business would want when having to go through a commercial relocation. The dis-assembly and assembly, the packing and unpacking, the moving of equipment all make the bottom line of a company come to a standstill. There are some things you can do that will help keep...
More Testimonials...
Angie S. //Olathe, CO
T. and E. were awesome! They showed up in a timely manner and were completely professional. I should mention that ours was a bit unusual in that we requested help loading our 1000lb safe on to a Uhaul truck so we could move it to our new home on the western slope of Colorado. It was freezing cold with temps hovering in the single digits and snow.... Conditions were extremely hazardous to move heavy furniture but both T. and E. maintained a professional, positive attitude and carried on despite the conditions. T. was particular about how to load the truck to not only utilize the maximum space but also to ensure our contents were secure and not damaged during the long drive over the passes. We couldn't have accomplished our goal without them... A+!!
Kristen I. //Denver, CO
Moved us from Denver, CO to Charlottesville, VA - move went wonderfully. There were hiccups along the way, but Always Moving handled all professionally and made us very satisfied customers. A walkthrough was done ahead of time to review all of our items and discuss packing tips. When they arrived, they had underestimated the size of truck that was needed, and ended up renting a second truck and driving both across the country, at no extra charge to us. This delayed their schedule on Day 1 (were loading well into the evening), but we left the keys to the house with them and everything was loaded and made it to Virginia on time. They didn't mix our things with any one else's - they were therefore able to drive straight to our new place and unload everything as planned, only three days later. They also towed our car. All of our items arrived and nothing was damaged. They unloaded everything quickly and put it where we asked. The movers and company owner were all friendly, professional, and careful. What more could we ask for?!! Highly satisfied.
Pam P. //Aurora, CO
I used Always Moving and Relocation Services and was extremely pleased with how my belongings were handled. I was given an accurate quote and time frame. They treated me professionally and were courteous to me and my family. I have recommended their service to several friends who have also had great experience with the company. They made our move smooth and worry free. I would use them again.
Cassie M. //Englewood, CO
I recently hired this company to help me move and they were very professional and efficient. They were able get me moved in in 3 hours (and that includes the distance from Lakewood to Englewood). They were very nice and were careful not too damage any of my items. This company is also very reasonable and the owner/employees were very kind. I would highly recommend this company.
Always Moving & Relocation
Looking For Denver Movers? Look No Further than Always Moving & Relocation. We make moving a simple process. We are a Local Colorado Moving Company specializing in Local, Long Distance, Commercial, Freight and Specialty Moving Services. Servicing the Denver, CO and cities throughout the beautiful state of Colorado.
Site content
Always Moving & Relocation
About Us
Long Distance Movers
Commercial Moves
Freight Movers
Moving Cube Sheet
Moving Protection
Moving Quote
Moving Tips
Moving Checklist
Moving Checklist
Contact Us
Blog
Realtors
Contact
Always Moving & Relocation
Aurora, Colorado 80011
USA
Toll Free: 1-844-266-5267
always.moving.denver@gmail.com
Latest Tweets
7 hours ago
Via http://t.co/9kwdjq2nad: Skinny Suspended Fireplace by Focus has Low Environmental Impact http://t.co/3cqAVAQTnZ
Follow @Colorado_Movers
GET SOCIALFacebookTwitterGoogle+
© 2013 Always Moving & Relocation. All Rights Reserved.