1
2
3
WELCOME TO BERGSON & EATON
Double Glazing Aylesbury & Buckinghamshire
Ready to start your next project?
Wherever you are based in Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire or Hertfordshire, start an online double glazing quote today. We look forward to speaking with you soon!
GET A QUOTE
Over 50 Years of Experience
Located in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, Bergson & Eaton are a home enhancement specialist serving the surrounding towns and counties. If any, there are few double glazing companies based in the expansive coverage area that is longer serving than us. This level of expertise allows us to complete the perfect installation, matched with outstanding customer service.

Whether you’re looking for a conservatory, orangery, new door or set of windows with double glazing, we are the company to call. We provide free online quotes on almost all products, including allowing you to design your dream front doors here on our website too.

We also offer free consultations and impartial advice on our double glazing and home enhancements. Whether you live in Aylesbury, Beaconsfield, Tring, Chalfont, Oxford, towards London or any of the surrounding areas, book yourself in with an industry expert today.
Our Range of Products
Previous
Windows
Doors
Next
Why Choose Bergson & Eaton?
Turnkey Process
We offer a comprehensive home renovation service. We never outsource, undertaking every stage of the process in-house with our staff. We are completely thorough in what we do, taking the hassle away.
Full Product Range
We offer the best home enhancement products and double glazing for every project, from uPVC to aluminium, modern to traditional and residential to commercial. Our product range ticks every box.
Outstanding Service
You’re treated with care by the Bergson & Eaton team. Wherever you are in relation to us in Buckinghamshire, we go above and beyond to ensure that your experience with us is fantastic and worth shouting about.
Ten Year Guarantee
Our double glazing, windows, doors and conservatories are all supported by a ten year guarantee. You can feel reassured that your investment is protected. All our products are of the absolute highest quality.
FENSA Approved
Bergson & Eaton are FENSA certified installers based in Aylesbury. We can provide FENSA certificates at the end of your installation. This confirms our double glazing renovations adhere to building regulations.
Locally Recommended
Don’t just take our word for it. Bergson & Eaton come highly recommended by homeowners right across Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Hertfordshire. Read reviews from people just like yourself today.
START AN ONLINE QUOTE
Tour Our Showroom
Wherever you are based in relation to us, you can visit our showroom in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire today to view our double glazing product range in person. You can additionally use this time to discuss your dream renovations and enhancements with an in-house expert.

Eager to see what stunning windows and doors we have on display? View our state of the art showroom tour today, right here on our website.
ABOUT
GET A QUOTE
High Quality Conservatories & Orangeries
We specialise in the design and build of bespoke conservatories, orangeries and house extensions. You can expand your home and living space wherever you are in relation to us in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. We have a full portfolio of customisation options, including various roof styles.
At Bergson & Eaton, we only renovate thermally efficient components, including triple or double glazing. This means our conservatories and orangeries sit at a comfortable temperature all year round. Better yet, our extensions range are always weatherproof, secure and offer great soundproofing.
Windows, Doors & Double Glazing
Our range of windows and doors can complement every home. Whether they are being installed on their own or as part of a conservatory or extension, our double glazing is durable and energy efficient. Choose from our range of premium supplier, from the residence collection to origin aluminium windows and doors we have a style for modern and traditional properties alike.
Whether you’re opting for aluminium windows with double glazing or a composite front door, Bergson & Eaton hand design control over to you, specify your home enhancements with the desired colour, hardware and furniture. Create the perfect look for your home in Buckinghamshire or the surrounding counties.
Customer Testimonials
B & E fitted a huge aluminium conservatory for me in 2014 at 50% of the cost quoted by a national supplier. It is stunning and we live in it all year round. I can't fault the B & E team, installation and after-care are fantastic.
Beki Gaskin
Great door from Solidor! And the installation was easy - couple of hours and the team who fitted were professional and worked to a high standard! Got what I paid for.
Robert Lee
VIEW MORE TESTIMONIALS
DOUBLE GLAZING PRICES AYLESBURY & BUCKINGHAMSHIRE
Start an Online Quote
Get started on your next project with an online quote from Bergson & Eaton.
GET A QUOTE
Brochures
Videos
VIEW ALL BROCHURES
Latest News
1 May 2024
Are Aluminium Doors Better than Wooden Doors?
READ POST
1 May 2024
Why is Spring the best time to Replace your Windows?
READ POST
1
2
3
4
5
6
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
ONLINE QUOTE
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
Bergson & Eaton are specialist home improvement experts based in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. Having operated since 1972, we are the region’s leading installer of windows, doors, conservatories, extensions and much more.
We offer high quality home improvements, backed with a ten year guarantee and FENSA accreditation. For a service, you can trust, choose Bergson & Eaton for your windows and doors.
Start your free double glazing quote online today!
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
QUICK LINKS
Home
About
Careers
Brochures
Downloads
Gallery
Contact Us
PRODUCTS
Windows
Doors
Conservatories
Orangeries
House Extensions
Commercial
Porches
CONTACT US
01296 415 251
enquiries@bergsonandeaton.com
4 - 12 Kempson Close
Gatehouse Way Industrial Estate
Aylesbury
Buckinghamshire
HP19 8UQ
SHARE
© 2024 Bergson & Eaton