FISH, FOOD & THE FUTURE OF OUR PLANET
We're a purpose-led organisation that is dedicated to making a positive change for the planet and its people.
NEW ENGLAND SEAFOOD
We’re part of a bigger mission to use sustainable seafood and geosciences to restore wilderness, health and balance to our planet’s oceans and ecosystems by 2050. We’re doing this as a part of Woocheen, Sealaska's global ocean health platform.
ABOUT US
EAT MORE FISH, SAVE THE PLANET
The global food system is the second biggest contributor of greenhouse gas emissions. Unsustainable food production is contributing to rising acidity in our oceans, increasing temperatures and extreme weather events. We must make big changes to the way we eat. Choosing lower-impact foods is an essential part of the reversal for which we strive and utilising the world’s oceans to provide a sustainable food source makes sense. By eating more sustainable wild-caught and responsibly farmed fish we can help to save the planet.
Read More
SHOWING PEOPLE HOW TO ENJOY FISH EVERY DAY
We are passionate about inspiring more people to eat more fish through our delicious retail private label and branded products. 

Visit Leap and Fish Said Fred for inspiring recipes.
OUR UNIQUE PLATE TO SEA MODEL
We started as a business with strong global sourcing roots. We’ve grown to become a consumer and category leader across the fish industry, covering every stage of the journey from plate to sea.
READ MORE
PLANET & PEOPLE LEADERSHIP
Our globally respected Planet and People team is at the centre of our success, helping us champion our ambitious sustainability, social and environmental goals.
EXPLORE PLANET & PEOPLE
THE POWER OF PURPOSE
Our track record proves that staying committed to healing the planet allows us to keep investing in our businesses and more importantly, to create a powerful impact for our 26,000 Indigenous shareholders - Tlingit, Haida and Tsimshian people with more than 10,000 years of ancestral ties to the oceans, forests and communities of Southeast Alaska.
READ MORE
OUR TALENTED TEAM
We’ve attracted a talented team of New England Seafood colleagues over the years who care deeply about our purpose and work together to achieve our vision and change the way people eat seafood for good.
EMMA CHOULES - SENIOR DEVELOPMENT MANAGER PROCESS
I joined NESI in 2016 after starting my career in retail. Joining a supplier was a real change for me, but the NESI team was so welcoming and although I didn’t come from a fish background, I was surrounded by fish experts who soon upskilled me on my fish knowledge! Over my years at NESI, I have been constantly challenged and allowed to evolve my role and take on more responsibilities. With the exciting times ahead, this is a great time to be working for NESI.
About
Planet & People
Plate to Sea
Careers
Contact Us
LET’S HAVE A CHAT
info@neseafood.com
FOLLOW US
New England Seafood
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Gender Pay Gap
Responsible Trading Charter
Designed & developed by twotwentyseven_
Registered in England No 02565953
Registered Office: 48 Cox Lane, Chessington, Surrey, KT9 1TW, United Kingdom
Chessington Photographer - Scott Ramsey - www.scottramsey.co.uk
Grimsby Photographer - Gary Davies - www.garydavies.photography
Cookies!
We use cookies to provide a great experience. If you're happy with this, continue browsing. Read more.
Reject Cookies
Accept Cookies