Mon-Fri: 8am-5pm | Closed for lunch 12-1pm
23 Sardis Road Asheville, NC 28806
(828) 408-0139
HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
WARRANTY
CONTACT
Request Appointment
Precision International
Complete Car Service in Asheville, NC
Auto Repair in Asheville, North Carolina
Auto Repair For Every Vehicle
If You Drive It, We Service And Repair It
Precision International is here to service and repair every vehicle in your household, regardless of make and model. Our auto repair shop has over four decades of mechanical repair and preventative maintenance service experience. Whether you live in Asheville, North Carolina, or just passing through, you can trust that our ASE Certified Auto Mechanics will get the job done right. You can find us at 23 Sardis Road Asheville, NC 28806, not far from Interstate 26. Make your next appointment for automotive repair by calling us at (828) 408-0139. We will get you back on the road no matter what’s troubling your car or truck. Precision International is your one-stop shop for all your auto repair needs.
Warranty
We have a 24 Month/24,000 Mile warranty through Certified Auto Repair to keep you covered! The Nationwide Warranty reaches across North America when you need it most providing vehicle protection on qualifying service and repairs.
Learn More
We’re Digital
Our technicians use the latest technology to not only tell you if there are any issues with your vehicle, but show you. If we uncover an issue the photo will be e-mailed to you for your records. During every visit you will receive a detailed report regarding the general health of your vehicle. Our #1 goal is to keep you safe on the road!
Learn More
Secure Pick Up
and Drop Off
With our convenient key drop off system, you can schedule with us without having to worry about time constraints. With your appointment, you can drop off and pick up at your convenience!
Learn More
Our Services
We offer general automotive services along with pre-purchase inspections.
Auto AC Repair
Auto Electrical Repair
Auto Fluid Leak Repair
Brake Repair
Check Engine Light
Pre Purchase Inspection
Suspension Repair
Timing Belt Repair
Transmission Repair
Wheel Alignment
View All Services
Request An Appointment
Addressing Every Mechanical Need
We understand that you have more important things to do with your time than driving to multiple repair shops to service your vehicle. Make Precision International your one-stop shop for all your car needs, no matter the make or model, both domestic and import. We are experienced and trained to repair auto brakes, suspension, air conditioners, timing belts, transmission, and your car’s or truck’s electrical system. We also specialize in hybrid repair, finding and fixing fluid leaks, and exhaust repair. We provide complete tire sales and services and in-house wheel alignments. Bring your automobile to us for all your general maintenance, which may be required for your car’s warranty. And if you’re buying a new car, make an appointment for a pre-purchase inspection. Our ASE Certified Technicians will address all your mechanical repair needs no matter what’s wrong with your vehicle.
We Specialize In All Makes
European
Asian
Domestic
Audi
BMW
MINI
Jaguar
Land Rover
Mercedes
Porsche
Saab
Volkswagen
Customer Care
In addition to taking excellent care of your vehicle, we vow to provide exceptional customer service. And because we back our service and repairs with a 24-month/24,000- mile warranty on parts and labor, you can trust that Precision International is your best local repair shop. We are open to serve you Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm (closed for lunch 12:00pm-1:00pm.) We also provide safe and secure before and after-hours drop-off/pickup to help accommodate your schedule. We may be able to provide a loaner car, so ask us about availability if your car is undergoing extensive repairs. If you are looking for an automotive repair shop that will provide extraordinary service, no matter what kind of vehicle you drive, look no further than Precision International.
Very experienced and honest business. I told him I wanted a new battery for my car. They tested it and said it was still good, but starting to wane. So told them to put a new one in anyway, as I did not want to get stranded since it was over five years old. i’ve been using them for over two years, and I’m very pleased with their service and friendliness.
Diane Paull
Previous
Next
Read More
Write A Review
View Maps And Get Driving Directions In Google Maps!
If You Have Any Questions Or Need Service Please Contact Us!
Get In Touch
(828) 408-0139
23 Sardis Road
Asheville, NC 28806
Mon-Fri: 8am-5pm | Closed for lunch 12-1pm
Closed Weekends
Home
About
Careers
We’re a Digital Shop
Overnight Drop Off
Blog
Warranty
Services
Auto AC Repair
Auto Electrical Repair
Auto Fluid Leak Repair
Brake Repair
Check Engine Light
Pre Purchase Inspection
Suspension Repair
Timing Belt Repair
Transmission Repair
Wheel Alignment
Contact
Request Appointment
©2024 All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
Made In U.S.A.