The SBS Solution
Partnership About Us References News
Customer Login
CONTACT
GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS
High-quality fasteners with professional consultation & supply chain management
  THE SBS SOLUTION
Focus on production,
leave the supply chain to us.
Streamline your supply chain with SBS for higher efficiency, optimized inventory, and reduced total cost of ownership.
  THE SBS SOLUTION
Strategic partnership with measurable results.
The SBS Solution is all about improving productivity. We provide high-quality fasteners and a professional vision to reach your company’s full potential. A fully customized supply chain program saves time and money, leaving more resources for production and future growth.
10-40%
Sourcing Cost Reduction
80-100%
Lead Time Reduction
20-50%
Overhead Reduction
Local Presence, Global Reach
With decades of experience in global manufacturing, SBS provides the quality service on the production commodities you need at a competitive price. Our global partners trust SBS to service facilities in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, Taiwan,Vietnam, and South Korea.
  CONTACT US
Technical expertise with a human touch.
Supply chain experience from people who understand what you need; whether it’s consultation, engineering support, or inventory management. We’ve been improving clients’ results and promoting continuous improvement since 1977.
  GET TO KNOW US
CASE: ROBOTICS MANUFACTURER
Changing providers brought 23% savings and 1-day lead times
Rapidly growing warehouse robotics manufacturer  was experiencing long lead times, poor customer service, and high prices. SBS worked with our global partners to reduce cost, responsive account management, and implemented an automated kanban to eliminate lead time concerns.
  SEE FULL STORY
Other client success stories
Redesigning a part improved productivity
A failing part caused production delays and cost overruns in a precision assembly. SBS Engineering collaborated with the client to develop a part that eliminated the quality concerns and need for redundant inspections.
READ MORE
Semiconductor Industry Client
Lack of understanding of the clients process led to both exhausted and excess inventory. After an extensive analysis, a unique program with custom packaging, delivery by inventory technician, and redistribution of unused parts was set up.
READ MORE
Contact us
Global Sales
Corporate Office
sales2@specialtybolt.com
+1 413-789-6700
Europe Sales
Marcus Harju
mharju@specialtybolt.com
+358 50 334 1398
OPTIMIZING THE FLOW
Your key to outstanding performance.
Learn more about how SBS can help you with supply chain management – from consultation and implementation to research and development.
  REQUEST A PRESENTATION
The SBS Solution
References
News
Privacy Policy
Partnership
Contact
Terms of Use
About Us
© 2024 Specialty Bolt & Screw