Building Equitable
Student Support Services
Student Success Agency partners with school districts to offer students timely digital services like academic tutoring, mental health support, and postsecondary planning after school and over the weekends to complement the short school day.
Improve student wellbeing
Expand staff capacity
Ensure success for everyone
Talk To An Expert
Demo The Platform
The most transformative education support system
We partner with you to provide a bridge between the short school day and afterschool so that your team can ensure students receive holistic supports that improve their academic, emotional, and economic well-being. With SSA, you guide students around the clock from their electronic devices to ensure that their school time success is not derailed due to out-of-school factors.
Safely connect students to mentors, tutors, and advisers anywhere, anytime from their electronic devices regardless of whether they are on campus.
Amplify your staff's capacity by tapping into your web of near-peer mentors who track insights and complete necessary personalized interventions with students.
Monitor progress by reviewing enhanced contextualized data from authentic relationships to ensure all students have support with their aspirations and challenges.
Talk To An Expert
Demo The Platform
We impact students and educators from 500+ schools across the country
Continuity of support that extends access
Schools spend millions of dollars on support services for students during the day, when they are in class. That would be like the grocery store only being open while you’re at work.
Talk To An Expert
Demo The Platform
Elevate staff with relatable student-champions
Constantly putting out fires prevents educators from magnifying their impact with students. Overbooked staff leads to overlooked students.
Talk To An Expert
Demo The Platform
Alleviate demands on class time
Managing a school day means constantly negotiating between teaching class and other demands on a student’s time.
No one likes to play traffic cop.
Talk To An Expert
Demo The Platform
Our Approach
Digital Infrastructure
Uniqueness
Safety
Platform
Human Powered
Technology Powered
Solution for Districts
School Culture
Student Performance
GEAR UP
Agents
Demographics
Value for Students
Value for Schools
Talk to an Expert
Student Success Agency © 2024
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service