HOME
ABOUT
TOURS
COURSES
BOOKING
WHAT PEOPLE SAY
MORE...
   Choose your path to the artisans of Italy
FOOD PROFESSIONALS & KEEN AMATEURS
or
CURIOUS TRAVELLERS
Tours & Courses
Courses with Artisans
Intensive courses for professionals and keen amateurs consisting of theoretical and practical sessions during which you learn with Italian professionals...
More
Small Group Tours
Ready-made adventures in rural Tuscany and Sardinia for devotees of Italian cuisine and culture. Plus special tours for fibre and textile enthusiasts.
More
Day Adventures
Even if you only have a day, you can meet an artisanal food producer, visit a handloom weaver, lunch in a family restaurant known only to the locals and…
More
Breaking News on FaceBook
Powered by Juicer
Juicer
Engage your users on social media with a Juicer.io feed on your website or blog for free.
Sapori e Saperi Adventures
9d
CELEBRATING SARDINIA TOUR—The Festa di Sant'Antioco opens with the procession of the sacred bread.

For days women have been preparing the decorated bread. Now we watch as they gather in their traditional costumes, wearing humble wooden clogs, to walk to the basilica and lay their handiwork at the feet of the effigy of Sant'Antioco, patron saint of Sardinia. One woman carries her baby. Never too young to celebrate.

Witness this yourself on our tour next year: https://www.sapori-e-saperi.com/celebrating-sardinia.html
129




















































































































































Sapori e Saperi Adventures
5d
Here's Kevin holding the salami he made under Ismaele Turri's guidance, and here's what he wrote about the salumi course:

"We all sit around and dream of travel like we see from Anthony Bourdain or Stanley Tucci, yet our own trips never quite deliver that same sense of authenticity and access. Well, Erica has solved that! The level of access to the artisans that we had in our Advanced Salumi course in Tuscany was amazing - we worked hand in hand with norcini to produce wonderful salumi that we ate and they sold. It went well beyond a cooking class - the norcini brought us into not only their businesses but also their homes to share their crafts with us. Food lovers of all kinds will appreciate this type of course and the diverse participants in it, ranging from professional butchers to home producers to those who were simply along for the ride. We learned not only from the norcini but from each other as well."

Thank you, Kevin 🧡 And thank you to all our artisans who make our courses such authentic experiences 💚💚💚

If you're dreaming of learning with Italian artisans, see the full list of our courses here: https://www.sapori-e-saperi.com/courses.html
320
Sapori e Saperi Adventures
18d
Sign spotted at carignano wine tasting at the 665th Festa di Sant'Antioco 🍷

REMEMBER:
What counts isn't whether the glass is half full or half empty.
What counts is how many bottles are left!

Join us next year from 2–11 May. There will be lots of bottles of carignano wine plus fun and good food: https://www.sapori-e-saperi.com/celebrating-sardinia.html
9

























































































































Sapori e Saperi Adventures
7d
CELEBRATING SARDINIA TOUR—What about our guests?

Here they are visiting the salt pans, making pottery with traditional Sardinian designs and making malloredus (traditional Sardinian pasta).

If you want to enjoy 9 days with lovely people like these, join this tour next May. We can't wait to welcome you.

📍https://www.sapori-e-saperi.com/celebrating-sardinia.html
7
Sapori e Saperi Adventures
22d
CELEBRATING SARDINIA—Our adventure begins at restaurant Lo Zefiro overlooking the lagoon at Sant'Antioco. My perfectly grilled seppie (cuttlefish).

https://www.sapori-e-saperi.com/celebrating-sardinia.html
113























































































































































































LOAD MORE
Subscribe to Newsletter
Enquire about Tours
We acccept
Read about us
contact us | terms & conditions | privacy policy 
copyright 2017 sapori-e-saperi.com | all rights reserved
Website by Reata Strickland Design