This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Feel free to check our Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
Please select the relevant categories before pressing “allow selection”.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details




Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
CONTACT
.ST0{CLIP-PATH:URL(#SVGID_2_);FILL:#FFFFFF;}
.cls-1{fill:#fff;fill-rule:evenodd;} .cls-1{fill:#fff;}.cls-2{clip-path:url(#clip-path);}.cls-3{clip-path:url(#clip-path-2);}
Welcome to Pescod Square
Boston's Premier Shopping Destination.
Pescod Square is a shopping district in the very heart of Boston. It links together Wide Bargate and Mitre Lane and incorporates the historic Pescod Hall. We have 18 stores which cover in excess of 93,000 square feet of retail space and a 377-space car park for our visitors to use.
Our shopping centre includes high street favourites like Costa and Greggs as well as local independent retailers such as Motion Active and Phoneguys.
You can shop for everything from books and stationery at Waterstones or The Works bookstore to Ladies Fashion at Bonmarche, Select Fashion and Leading Labels and Men's, Ladies and Children's wear at Pep & Co and Next not forgetting your everyday essentials from One Beyond or Superdrug.
We are an external shopping centre with our adjacent car park.
Opening Hours:
Monday to Saturday 07:00 - 19:00
Sunday                      08:00 - 18:00
Download our own Pescod Square App available on both Apple and Android platforms.
If you're in Boston and looking for fashion, then look no further. Our fashion retailers PEP&CO, Leading Labels, Motion Active, Bonmarche and Select stock this seasons latest fashions, or you can grab a bargain at our new store One Beyond..
Conveniently located next to the town centre Pescod Square really is Boston's premier shopping destination. From fabulous fashion to tempting treats we've got it all.
With our recent upgrade to an ANPR (automatic number plate recognition), using our car park has never been easier with our Ticketless system.  Pay-stations are located on the ground floor (through the tunnel between One Beyond and Bonmarche) via the pedestrian exit, using either cash or contactless card payments.
It might be in the heart of the Town Centre, but Pescod Square Shopping Centre and car park is really easy to get to by car. The shopping centre is conveniently placed at the centre of a number of main road networks, with 377 parking spaces over 3 floors. We have 2 lifts which serve the car park for those with Accessibility needs, or parents with prams/pushchairs.
Disabled car parking is located on the ground floor, with parent/child spaces located on the 1st floor of the car park.
Why not take advantage of our new car park partners Shark Wash and Shop - our new prestige car wash service. Leave your car with the specially trained car cleaning specialists who will leave your car sparkling! One less job at the weekend.
Simply enter our postcode, PE21 6QX, into your SatNav and let your car do the rest.
Sat Nav: PE21 6QX
There are both rail and bus links to the town, with an inter-town bus service that stops at the top of the shopping centre.
Pescod Square is owned by PDK Essex Ltd. Registered address: 11a Steward House, Longbridge Road, Barking, United Kingdom IG11 8RT.
THE DIRECTORY
view all
YMCA
Charity
YMCA believes in fairness and opportunity. There are essential building blocks for a full and rewarding life: a safe home; acceptance; guidance;...
VIEW PROFILE
Pescod Square Car Park introducing Shark Wash and Shop prestige car wash services
Welcome to our upgraded car park. Our new ticketless system at Pescod Square Car Park allows for seamless parking.
VIEW PROFILE
UPCOMING EVENTS
view all
Boston's History Trail
Can you find Pescod Square's Brass History Plaque
VIEW INFO
LATEST NEWS
view all
Park Mark
Post Date: 06/03/2023
We are proud to announce that we have recently been awarded the Park Mark certification, following a recent assessment with both the Police and...
READ MORE
Multi-Storey car park is now under new Management
Post Date: 14/11/2022
Pescod Square is proud to announce the Multi-Storey car park is now under Centre Management, with a new Automated Number Plate Recognition (ANPR)...
READ MORE
InPost Lockers
Post Date: 23/08/2022
InPost Lockers are now available at Pescod Square Shopping Centre
READ MORE
STORES
EVENTS
NEWS
OFFERS
VISITOR INFO
.cls-1{fill:#fff;fill-rule:evenodd;} .cls-1{fill:#fff;}.cls-2{clip-path:url(#clip-path);}.cls-3{clip-path:url(#clip-path-2);}
TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY COOKIE POLICY CONTACT
© DestinationCore 2024