Contact
Menu
Welcome to Llanhilleth Miners Institute
The Miners' Legacy, The Community's Future
Part Of The Community
Since 1906
Find Out More
Volunteer With Us
Gain new skills, develop self-confidence, be part of a team and simply enjoy yourself
Get Involved
About Llanhilleth Institute
The Institute
Our Mission Statement
We are a Registered Charity and Social Enterprise.  The vibrant heart of the community seeking to meet the changing needs of the people it serves, and reflect the vision of the miners who built it.
Find out more
Over 100 years of Heritage
A Proud History and Legacy
Built in 1906 to meet the educational, recreational and health needs of the local miners and their families.  Today Llanhilleth Miners Institute remains a tribute to the miners - their vision, their dreams and their ambitions.
Find out more
Part of your community since 1906
Our Purpose
Delivering a wide range of activities to meet the health, educational, cultural and recreational needs of our local community, spanning all ages and abilities.
Find out more
Occasions, Catering & Venue Hire
Personal, Professional Service
A unique setting for your event or special occasions including Weddings, celebrations, conferences, meetings and room hire.  Our event catering offers a variety of menus to suit every occasion or visit our Heritage Café for a bite to eat.
Find out more
Upcoming Events
Heritage Centre Working Group
May 7, 2024
2:00 PM - 4:00 PM
The Heritage Centre Working Group is made up of voluntary members, who dedicate their time to actively researching and recording historical events and industrial heritage within...
Find out more
Baby Clinic
May 7, 2024
9:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Please note that attendance at Baby Clinic is by appointment by the Health Visitor only.
Find out more
Slimming World
May 8, 2024
9:00 AM - 12:30 PM
Slimming World is run by an independent Slimming World Consultant.  Come along and join a warm, friendly group, receive expert support and make new friends sharing...
Find out more
Fri
3rd
May
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS | Mental Health Awareness Week 2024 will take…
Read More
Fri
3rd
May
Numbercrunch Budget Baking | Yesterday was the start of a 3-week course…
Read More
Thu
2nd
May
A great introductory course for anyone who is interested in a career in…
Read More
We use Cookies
We use cookies on our website to see how you interact with it. By accepting, you agree to our use of such cookies.
Find out more about about how our site uses cookies
Decline Accept
Our Supporters
Connect With Us
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Important Documents
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Selectați limba▼
© Llanhilleth Miners Institute Ltd, 2024
Charity Registration Number: 1128924 | Company Ltd by Guarantee: 6056945
Website designed & built by Roseblade Media, Ebbw Vale