STAGE
Real-time 3D conferencing for professionals
Free trial
12345
REAL-TIME 3D ENRICHES EXISTING VIDEO CONFERENCING
Benefits of STAGE real-time 3D conferencing
All participants navigate simoultaneously in 3D
Navigate freely with mouse, keyboard or VR to explore different perspectives
Experience-based insights and decision making
Improved understanding through interacting within the 3D model
Increased meeting productivity
Use voice chat, pointers and dedicated 3D tools to communicate efficiently
Reduced time and project cost
Fast identification and prevention of errors lead to less iterations and rework
Best performance through fast 3D data rendering
Low latency transmission of individual interactions and movements
Unleash the power of 3D with XR headsets
Fully immersive 3D experience at lifelike 1:1 scale
DISCUSS IMPORTANT 3D DATA WITH TEAMS AROUND THE WORLD
The solution to create real-time 3D meetings directly from your tool
Use the full potential of Unity and engage with teams, partners and customers
…more
Experience and analyze your future factories anywhere
…more
For your adhoc 3D CAD product and project reviews
…more
Use the full potential of Unreal and engage with teams, partners and customers
…more
REFERENCES
INDUSTRY USE CASES & TESTIMONIALS
MANUFACTURING
“With STAGE I can involve my global customers in the planning phase to a new level. We can detect whether the customization of our production line or the removal of a pillar is the better solution.
That saves our customer a lot of time and money.“
VP Program Management,
Major German OEM 
TRANSPORTATION
“STAGE allows us to easily involve more stakeholders from other offices in our review meetings. They can join from any location with their PC.
Before we needed IT support to connect our power walls and caves. That excluded many of the stakeholders.”
R&D Project Lead,
Major aviation tier 1 player
ARCHITECTURE
“We used to have our design decision meetings on site and people from all over the world needed to travel.
With STAGE we can be more efficient, having meetings as well remotely and reduce the amount of travel substantially.”
Director International Sourcing,
Major German food retailer
Free trial
About us
We are a dynamic, creative and fast-growing tech start-up. The triple “o” in the name rooom stands for the three dimensions. With STAGE we offer a secure real-time 3D conferencing service for professionals to discuss important 3D data with global project partners.
Socials
Contact
rooom AG
Friedenheimer Brücke 20 | 80639 Munich | Germany
+49 89 588 08 588 0 | stage@rooom.com
© rooom AG 2022 | All rights reserved
Privacy policy | Terms of service | Imprint
This website uses cookies. By using our services you agree that we use cookies.
OKPrivacy policy