(661) 331-3618
Welcome to DC's RV Center
WE PROVIDE EVERYTHING BUT YOUR DESTINATION!!!
UPDATE
We are sorry to say that we no longer offer storage. We still have service and our parts store at 610 Bailey Ave. 
About Us
Knowledgeable Staff
The staff at our shop has over 40 years of rv experience between them. They are dedicated to providing high-quality service for each of our customers. 
We Have You Covered
Whether you're coming in for a new A/C, fender skirts, or new vent lids, we promise that you will be completely satisfied with your replacement parts. 
Our Quality Promise
We're committed to providing a stress-free experience to both new and returning customers. Our shop only sources parts from reputable brands to ensure that your rv is ready to go when you are.
RV Repairs
Repair and maintenance
We recommend that you regularly maintain your rv. There's nothing worse than a ruined vacation, especially when it could've been prevented. Regular maintenance not only makes good sense but it's beneficial to you. We can take care of all of your needs on your travel trailer or fifth wheel.  WE ARE NOT MEMBERS OF THE BAR AND WE DO NOT DO ANY KIND OF CHASSIS WORK OR BODY DAMAGE ON MOTOR HOMES.  
Collision
Accidents do happen. Tree branches, garage overhangs and gas station poles can be tricky obstacles when your pulling a trailer or fifth wheel. If you find yourself in a pickle, we can help you. It's one of our specialties. 
Parts
Our parts store is fully stocked with the things that you need the most. If there's something that we don't have in stock, we can get it for you within a short amount of time in most cases.
Subscribe
Be the first to hear about upcoming specials and new items.
Email Address
Sign up
Contact Us in Tehachapi
Drop us a line!
Name
Email*
Send
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Better yet, see us in person!
We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.
DC's RV Center
610 Bailey Ave, Tehachapi, CA 93561, US
(661) 331-3618
Hours
Open today
08:00 am – 05:00 pm
Get directions
Social
Copyright © 2018 DC's RV Center - All Rights Reserved.
Powered by GoDaddy
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.
Accept