Find Your Home .carat{fill:none;stroke:#4D4D4E;stroke-miterlimit:10;}
.pancake{ fill:#aa0635; }
.st0{fill:#AA0635;}
The Summerhouse Welcome Center & Model Homes Are Open by Appointment
Click for details & to make an appointment.
Get Details
You know that thing
You've always wanted to do?
You should do that.
Find Your Home
Welcome to The Pinehills. New Homes, South Shore Style.
The Pinehills is a charming new take on the classic New England village in Plymouth, Massachusetts. Offering inspired new homes and daily adventure. Just 45 miles from Boston near Cape Cod. An outdoor lover's paradise. A foodie’s delight. A historian’s haven. A golfer’s dream. With artfully crafted new homes set among towering pines and some with ocean views. Including personally tailored custom homes, delightful cottages, townhomes, and low-maintenance condominium homes as well as luxury apartments for rent. New homes for sale from the $600s to over $2 million.
What's Here
You may find yourself curious, excited, challenged, relaxed… in the company or others or surrounded by nature, enjoying a moment of quite solitude. Here, there are so many ways to be, and be happy.
Mirbeau Inn & Spa
Pinehills Golf
Farm-to-Table
The Great Outdoors
Stonebridge Club
Village Green
See What’s Here
Meet the creative, compassionate, & downright awe-inspiring people who live & work here.
Read Stories
What’s New
Welcoming You to The Summerhouse & Model Homes
We look forward to welcoming you to The Summerhouse! We continue to book visits to The Summerhouse Welcome Center by…
Learn More
From Our Blog
News from The Market: Cherish MacDonald Promoted to General Manager
And Farewell to our Friend Jason Blood
Read More
Upcoming Event
Book Love Hosts An Evening with Maggie Thrash
Tuesday
May
7

Event Details
Featured Property
12 Dawn's Light | To Be Built
Inspired plan for final home site in Custom Home neighborhood.
See This Property
Commercial Opportunities
Build to Suit
Class A commercial space is available for every kind of business, from medical to tech, including build-to-suit opportunities for your company.
Retail & Office Leasing
A local movement is growing. A new generation of makers and proprietors of all things fresh are coming to The Pinehills. Serving both foot traffic and Route 3 commuters in the burgeoning Plymouth, Massachusetts area.
Get More Information
Welcome Center
The Summerhouse
33 Summerhouse Drive   •   Plymouth, MA 02360
Open by appointment Wednesday–Sunday, 10am–4pm
888.209.8880
Keep In Touch
Stay informed about all things Pinehills by joining our email list.
Keep in Touch
Stay informed by joining
our interest list
888.209.8880
+
Find Your Home
Custom Homes
Neighborhoods
What’s Here
About
Our History
Blog & Events
Location
RESOURCE LINKS
Community Map
Tour Map
Builders
Commercial Opportunities
Pinehills Brokerage Services
For Real Estate Agents
Development Team
Apartments
Assisted Living
CONTACT
33 Summerhouse Drive
Plymouth, MA 02360
888.209.8880