Contact
Creative Legal Solutions
Legal advice from a law firm that cares
We're a UK and London-based law firm specialising Real Estate and Dispute Resolution & Litigation. With decades of experience, we'll work together to reach your desired outcome with solution-driven plans, tailored to your needs.

Fully accredited in everything we do
We pride ourselves on building authentic, long lasting relationships with our clients.
With a dedicated lawyer to provide you with the full support that you deserve, you will be updated at every step of the way on the progress of your case. Whether you are in London, elsewhere in the UK, or one of our international clients, we will make sure you get the service you need.
Let's talk
Founded in 1980
Healys has a proven track record of achieving excellence for our clients. Our international reach, combined with our reputation for innovative legal solutions, means you will be in the hands of some of the best legal practitioners in the country.
Learn more about us
Get the latest news
Sign up to receive the latest Healys law firm updates straight to your inbox.
By subscribing you agree with our Privacy Policy and provide consent to receiving updates.
When it comes to reputation management, Healys is one of the leading firms in the region.
Legal 500
News, Events and Insights
What's happening at Healys
We believe that knowledge is power and will always make sure you are fully informed on legal industry updates.
View all
Insights
Unmasking the Concealed: Canada Square Operations Ltd v Potter [2023] UKSC 41
Read more
Events
Join Our Business Solutions Networking Event!
Read more
Insights
Professional Negligence Claims Against Accountants
Read more
We’re on your side
Healys lawyers don’t believe in legal jargon, but rather in having straightforward, open discussions, updating you every step of the way on the progress of your case.
Let's talk
Join our newsletter
Stay up to date with everything Healys.
By subscribing you agree with our Privacy Policy and provide consent to receiving updates.
Business
Business Immigration
Commercial Law
Commercial Property
Corporate Law
Dispute Resolution & Litigation
Employment Law for Businesses
International Services
Real Estate Finance
Tech & Media Law
Personal
Dispute Resolution & Litigation
Employment Law for Employees
Immigration Solicitors
Leasehold Services
Personal Injury
Professional Negligence
Property Disputes
Residential Property Conveyancing
Wealth Management
Wills, Trusts & Probate
Real Estate
Asia Pacific
Commercial Property
Leasehold Services
Property Disputes
Real Estate Finance
Residential Property Conveyancing
About
News, Events & Insights
Accreditations
Team Healys
Careers
Trainee Solicitor Programme
Policies
London
Healys LLP,
15-17 Jockey’s Fields, London,
WC1R 4BW
+44 (0)20 7822 4000
Brighton
Healys LLP,
8 & 9 Old Steine, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 1EJ
+44 (0)1273 685 888
Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority. London: SRA No. 510079 Brighton: SRA No. 511205 | A list of the members of the LLP and of non-members who are described as partners is available for inspection at the registered office address shown above.
Healys and Healys Solicitors are trading names of Healys LLP which is a Limited Liability Partnership. Registration number OC342610. We use the word partner to refer to a member of the LLP, or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing and qualifications. Our professional indemnity insurer is AM Trust and is in respect of the firm’s practice.
Website designed & built by Creative Pod
Let's talk
© 2024 Healys LLP, all rights reserved