Sentiment Digital Customer Service Platform.
One unified inbox for Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin, Whatsapp, Review sites, Email and Chat and more. Try it free
Watch 2 Minute Demo

Leading Brands Trust Sentiment :
Resolve customer issues 10 X faster
Slash costs by up to 50% 
Deploy one unified queue for all digital channels and voice contacts.

How We Help

Unified Inbox For Multiple Channels
You can handle all of your customer interactions through one unified inbox. Chat, Email, Social Media, reviews and Messaging conversations (and Voice via our partners) are all routed real-time and handled in one unique interface. AI based Bots take care of the repetitive questions leaving your agents with a unified inbox that has been designed for fast and reactive customer care. With the messaging first feel, gone are the old impersonal and transactional email and chat ticket systems.  All channels become a messaging first experience, better for your customers and better for your team.
View Demo
Group Channel Management
Manage Social Messaging channels like Facebook and Twitter (public and private) , web chat, and Messenger channels like Line in shared inboxes, and automatically load balance conversations across your online team and never miss a customer query or opportunity.




Shared Visibility
You can view which of your team mates are online, how their own assigned conversations are going, and your supervisors and team managers can view the entire queue, who's working on what, and analyse unresolved conversations across all channels, including those falling behind service level agreement.
View Demo

Slash Response Time And Scale 300% Using The Same Team Resource With Automation

Automatic Routing By SLA And Priority
The Sentiment automatic routing engine takes all incoming conversations irrespective of channel and routes them to your online team mates based on internally set priorities or service level targets. Your team mates never get to cherry pick which queries they want to deal with, so issues are not missed, and response times are greatly reduced. You can either scale back on human resource, or triple your revenue with the same team.
Automatic Classification
The Sentiment automation engine can carry out a whole series of defined events specific to your organisation. For instance spam is automatically classified and removed from queues, issues can be tagged by type with smart labels based on keywords, location, channel. Even remove profanities automatically from your public social accounts and many many more automations making your team more efficient and effictive, and your customers and prospects serviced far faster.  
View Demo
Canned Responses
Save time and add consistency to customer engagment with canned responses
Approvals Loop
Rapidly on board and coach staff using approvals loops, so responses must be reviewed by senior team mates before going out.

Continually Improve Operations ROI With Real-Time Metrics And Historical Analytics

Team Performance
SLA and KPI tracking let you continually optimize your operations over time. Sentiment includes work force reporting letting you plan shifts, track team mate performance and report on productivity. 
Queue Trend Analysis
Get actionable insights on current customer conversation queue size, and view performance over time with the inbuilt metrics on Response time, Conversations handled and resolve time.
SLA Tracking
Monitor and improve SLAs, by channel, conversation type, and team mate.
Real-Time Customer Surveying 
Get real-time feedback from your customers via inbuilt CSAT surveys, and improve client retention and repeat orders.
View Demo
Leadership
Leon Chaddock  /  CEO

Leon has over 15 years’ industry experience in communications and contact centres. In 2007 he founded one of the first companies in the world to offer Social Media Listening and Analytics. Prior to this he worked on complex joined up/cross departmental contact center projects. He regularly speaks on webinars and at conferences on topics including social customer service, and deploying messaging in the omni-channel mix.

Michael Jackson /  Chairman

 Michael studied law at Cambridge University, and qualified as a chartered accountant with Coopers & Lybrand before spending five years in marketing for various US multinational technology companies. From 1983 until 1987 he was a director and from 1987 until 2006 was chairman of FTSE 100 company The Sage Group plc. Michael Jackson MA FCA (Chairman of the Manager) founded Elderstreet Investments Limited in 1990 and is its executive chairman.

JM Blond /  CFO

Jean-Marc holds an MBA in Finance and Marketing from the University of Westminister, London and is responsible for all finance reporting and forecasts for Sentiment Group companies and board.

View  Demo
Where To Find Us
USA HQ

Sentiment US inc
222 Main Street
Floor 5 
Salt Lake City,
UT 84101,
USA




UK HQ

Sentiment (Macranet Ltd) 
The Hub
Farnborough,
GU14 7JF, 
UK

 Development center

Sentiment Bulgaria Ltd
17 Henrik Ibsen Str / Bulgaria Blvd.
Sofia,
1407, 
BULGARIA



Privacy Terms
Signup

Get 30 days free access to our Cloud Customer Service platform (Social, Messaging, Email, Livechat)

Name
Free Signup
Sentiment is a cloud customer service platform with a unique conversational interface. Handle all your digital channels in one place.
Useful Links:
Home
About
Contact us
Customer Service Blog
Social Media Blog
All Resources
Get In Touch:
Contact us
Free 30 day trial
2024 All rights reserved.