Skip to content
OUR VALUES
WHAT WE DO
PEOPLE
CAREERS
NEWS & RESOURCES
CONTACT
PATENT AND TRADE MARK ATTORNEYS
STRAIGHTFORWARD OPEN DYNAMIC
At Greaves Brewster we’re proud to have a distinct approach, mindset and location. It means we’re able to do things a little differently. It also might be why our clients say that we’re the most open, transparent and easy to deal with IP practice out there. We believe every interaction with your attorneys should be simple, straightforward and, above all, enjoyable.
We take the time to understand our client’s requirements and adjust accordingly. We are committed to being truly agile and to fitting around your working practices, not the other way round.
A testimonial in Legal 500 describes us as
“Their clients range from private individuals to large multinationals and they adapt accordingly. They are a pleasure to deal with, providing high-quality and strategic patent protection and portfolio management advice. The level of thoughtfulness and responsiveness was a surprise to my US colleagues.”
DISTINCTIVE IP PRACTICE
Each client and every case is unique.
Process and procedure is all well and good, but what you really want to know is how to use them to your advantage. We’re here to put the theory into practice. We want to understand your business and be part of your team, so we can give the best possible advice. And when you combine that understanding with our serious academic and industry credential and years of experience as attorneys, you can be sure you’re in the safest of hands.
OUR APPROACH
Our success is built on the relationships we establish with our clients.  We understand the importance of friendly informality and individual contact coupled with professional dynamism, skill and commitment to our clients’ objectives.  Ours is an open-minded approach.  It’s fuelled by enthusiasm for what we do, it’s focused on your needs and it’s why we get more work on recommendation than by any other means.
NEWS
PEOPLE
EVENTS
SITEMAP LEGAL AND TERMS COOKIES
Greaves Brewster LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales at Copa House Station Road Cheddar
BS27 3AH United Kingdom. Registration number OC307396. We are regulated by the IP Regulation Board.
© 2011-2024 Greaves Brewster LLP