Sign in
Create Account
Brand Impressions Catalog
/
Contact
START A PROJECT
GO
0 items - Cart
What We Do
How It Works
Idea Center
Shop Products


Look Books
Company Stores
About Us
Contact
Promotional Products: Cornerstones for your next campaign
VIEW IDEAS
Idea of the Day
20 OZ. Everest Stainless Steel Insulated Mug
CPN-562666871
$11.75 and up
20 OZ. Everest Stainless Steel Insulated Mug
Cornerstones of your next campaign
Utilize promotional products as the foundation of your next marketing campaign.
EXPLORE NOW
Who We Are
We deliver the innovative promotional ideas and programs that bring brands to life in bold new ways.
What We Do
We make the most of your budget and execute your ideas with branded products your customers will love.
LEARN MORE »
How We Do It
Our AIA affiliation, deep product knowledge and customer service make it easy to get products from our warehouse to your workspace.
LEARN MORE »

Curated Look Books
VIEW ALL LOOK BOOKS
About Our Company
We make it simple to take advantage of every opportunity with the right promotional products at the right prices. We help professionals like you add excitement to their marketing and we’ll make sure you get it fast, on-time and on-brand with your message.
LEARN MORE »
Let's Get Started
Right order, right price and right delivery. We source the branded products you need for events, promotions, campaigns and employee engagement and get it fast, just the way you need it.
START A PROJECT
Stay Connected
Get our updates right to your inbox! Leave your email below.

SUBMIT
Promote Your Brand
We’re your marketing partner. Use our professional resources to promote your business with branded products, apparel and outside-of-the-box marketing opportunities.
Get In Touch
Navigate
Brand Impressions Catalog
All Products
Promotional Merchandise Budget
Upswing Marketing, Inc.
409 Tennant Sta, #190
Morgan Hill, CA 95037
(877) 946-4266
Contact Us
© 2024 , All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
This website uses cookies to provide the optimal experience to visitors as well as to gather insight on site usage. By clicking “Accept All Cookies” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for the best performance of this website and to analyze site usage.
COOKIES SETTINGS
Accept All Cookies