TEL: (818) 907-7828 | EMAIL: sharon@statmedical.net
Home
Services
Myths & Facts
Company Profile
FAQs
MBHS Book
Press Release
Blog
Contact
Medical Billing and Coding Revenue Cycle Specialist
Optimize Revenue, Minimize Denials | Empowering your Financial health
CONTACT US
Is it taking your office more than 4 days to be paid on claims?
Do you have more than a 5 % error ratio on claims?
If you answered yes to any of these questions
CALL US IMMEDIATELY at (800) 906-STAT (7828) WE CAN HELP!

When you need a revenue cycle specialist for your clinic or hospital, trust STAT MEDICAL CONSULTING, Inc. to provide the services you require. As a revenue cycle specialist, we offer reliable solutions to professionals who are looking to maximize physician reimbursement. Our experienced team will work diligently to provide ethical, accurate, and efficient billing and coding services to help you get the highest reimbursement most money back from insurance providers. Contact us to learn more about our Revenue Cycle Management services. We proudly serve clients locally in Woodland Hills, CA, as well as Nationwide.
What you can expect from our Revenue Cycle Specialist
These are 5 Key points you can expect from a Revenue Cycle Specialist Company
1)   Expertise in Revenue Cycle Management
2)   Compliance with Healthcare Regulations (HIPPA)
3)   Claim Denial Analysis
4)   Follow-up on claims for maximum reimbursement
5)   Exceptional Customer Service
If you are seeking a partner with expertise in optimizing the revenue cycle, our Revenue Cycle management specialists bring experience and a proven track record of maximizing revenue streams and streamlining the financial processes within healthcare organizations.
We understand the importance of adhering to these regulations to safeguard patient information and ensure legal compliance, with HiPAA and 3rd party billing regulations.
You are looking for a partner who excels in scrutinizing claim denials to minimize revenue loss. Our robust analysis identifies the root causes of denials, allowing us to implement targeted strategies for reducing denial rates.
Timely and persistent follow-up on outstanding claims is crucial for you. We are committed to diligent and consistent follow-up procedures to expedite claims processing and resolution.
Why Choose Us?
There are many reasons to outsource your medical billing to our company. Some of the benefits we provide to our clients include:

Cash Flow Increases
Reduction in Claim Denials from Insurers
Cost Savings on Training and Hiring Billing Staff
Decreased Call Volume for Billing Inquiries
Regular Income Reports
Direct Your Focus on Patient Care – not Patient Billing
Improve Your Bottom Line
Calculate Cost of In-House Billing
Number of Billing Staff (FTE):
Rent per square foot per month ($):
Number of Patients per Day:
Number of physicians in practice:
Gross Monthly Collections ($):
Calculate Reset
Cost of In-House Billing (%):
 IF YOUR RESULTS ARE OVER 8%, WE CAN HELP! CONTACT US!
We Have Expertise in All Medical Specialties Including:
Ambulance
Anesthesia
Burn Center
Cardiology
Cardiovascular Surgery
CFRNAs
CORF
Dermatology
DME
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
ENT
Family Practice
Gamma Knife
Gastroenterology
General Surgery
Hospitals
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Neonatology
Neurosurgery
Nurse Practitioners
OB-GYN
Oncology
Oncological Surgeons
Ophthalmology
Orthopaedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Outpatient Surgery Center
Pathology
Pediatrics
Physiatrist
Physical Therapy
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonology
Radiology
Rheumatology
Sleep Disorder Clinics
Thoracic Surgery
Urology
Vascular Surgery
Contact Us
I’m interested in more information
Name:
Email:
Phone:
Message:


MYTHS AND FACTS ABOUT BILLING COMPANIES
Myth Fact
You lose control of the income. A reputable billing company would have their eye on your income more so than an employee since their income is directly tied to performance and results. Your participation in reviewing receivable reports and statistics are entirely up to you. Participation in providing accurate and complete billing information will enhance your income. A physician and billing service need to work together to make sure your needs are met.

Myth Fact
All billing companies are the same. Whereas the processes are similar and the goals and objectives are the same, you want to look for a company with experience, an excellent reputation, and a proven track record. Do not minimize the importance of customer service and availability both to you and your patients.
MORE
Testimonials
★★★★★
"Hiring Stat Medical has proven to be the best decision I have made for my practice"

- PS MD
★★★★★
"Hiring STAT Medical as my billing company was the best decision for my practice, I was getting slow payment, and after they took over I started getting paid in just a few days. They cut my A/R in half"

- SR MD
★★★★★
"Hiring STAT generated $200,000 after we had been paid. We were amateurs at insurance billing. STAT are pros."

- R. Kotler, MD FACS
as seen on DR. 90210 and famous author of
Secrets of a Beverly Hills Cosmetic Surgeon.
Address: Stat Medical Consulting, Inc
22801 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 211, Woodland Hills, CA 91364
Email: sharon@statmedical.net
Phone: 818-907-7828
Home
Services
Medical Billing
Myths & Facts
Company Profile
FAQs
MBHS Book
Press Release
Contact
© 2024 
Stat Medical Consulting, Inc