One Rock International
Helping You to Lead a Remarkable Story
What We Offer You
The One Rock Institute is run in cities around the world, helping missional leaders develop a Rhythm of Life, a Vision Profile and a Project Leadership Plan.
The Remarkable Lives biography series tells stories and shares lessons from the great missionary leaders of history, to equip the leaders of today.
SheLives encourages women around the world to live out their best story, and uses narrative formation to help them lead with confidence.
Visit our blog for hundreds of free articles on Spiritual Formation, Discerning Vision, Leadership Skills and Global Mission.
Impact Stories
Lisa Rind
Founder, PLAY, Pretoria
“One Rock really motivated me to turn a 25-year-old dream into a concrete vision with action steps to be taken. Two years later my new non-profit organization was formed… I continue to go back and review my notebook from that training to inspire me!”
Fernando Rona
YWAM Base, Thailand
“I highly recommend the Institute to all! This is an excellent course. The leadership materials that are presented are just so good, timeless and proven that it’s worth investing with your time and resources.”
Kirstyn Oliver
Founder, Alma Autism, London
“My work has really flourished because I’m doing things for the right reasons… Alma Autism has really grown in the short period of space I’ve been doing One Rock… the leadership skills and time management has helped me to network with other people and build a community.”
Latest from the Blog
Hope at Work
When it comes to hope we are all practitioners. The fact that we get up every morning and go about our life and work is, in a way, an expression of hope. Most, if not all of us are quite experienced in dealing with unfulfilled hopes, broken dreams and plans that did...
read more
A Good Plan
What’s the difference between a good plan and a poor plan? For me, a good plan is a bit like a newspaper article’s first paragraph… it answers six key questions. For a time in my youth I wanted to be a journalist, and learned that the first paragraph of an article...
read more
How To Wait Well
We remain confident of this: we will see the goodness of the LORD in the land of the living. Wait for the LORD; be strong and take heart and wait for the LORD. (Ps 27:13-14) How to wait well? In this season of delays and disruption I ask myself this question more than...
read more
Let's Connect
Contact Details
c/o Church Office, Central Hall Westminster, Storey's Gate, London SW1H 9NH
020 7654 3865
Email us
Receive our Monthly Email
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
City
Country
Marketing Permissions
One Rock will email you our monthly newsletter, A View from the Rock. Tick the Email box below and press Subscribe to give your consent.
Email
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.