Connect your minerals to the global market.
Explore our solutions
OUR PARTNERS
Minespider is a leading supply chain traceability solution, pioneering the shift towards responsible, compliant, and circular mineral supply chains.
Discovery Call
MAP
We map your supply chains and connect you with your suppliers - plus offer new ones as needed. 
Explore the platform
REPORT
We onboard your suppliers and help you to capture data for due diligence, carbon emission reduction and ESG purposes. 
Discover traceability for OEMs
ADVANCE
Leverage data to streamline your compliance, reduce emissions and enhance your ESG profile for clients and investors. 
Discover Product Passports
Explore our solutions
PRODUCT PASSPORTS
BATTERY PASSPORTS
CARBON EMISSIONS
TRACKING TOOL
Product Passports
Showcase your sustainability efforts to customers, clients & investors.
Trace your materials & products - and position your company as a leader in areas such as transparency, circularity & sustainability.
Demonstrate proof of provenance
Add ESG, carbon emissions data and compliance data
Show key recycling information
Learn more
Our Partners
Start preparing for the future of traceability today.
Learn more
“We believe that Minespider helps us to better communicate the value of our responsible mineral products, raise industry sustainability standards and to understand our own supply chain better.”
Minsur
Diego Molina Henriquez - CSO
"Ford Otosan aims to be at the forefront of battery recycling and reuse. We are excited to partner with Minespider on the BATRAW project and implement their Battery Passport to give us greater insight into our supply chains and products."
Ford Otosan
Özak Durmuş, Product Sustainability Leader
"LuNa Smelter is a leading, conflict-free African tin metal supplier - and Minespider is the catalyst to our responsible sourcing processes, enabling us to transform our business and communicate our compliance and sustainability efforts with downstream partners.”
LuNa Smelter
Alexandra Cholewa - Manager Director
In the press
Discover the latest news about Minespider from business, tech and mining press.
Read more
Funded by the European Union
The project leading to this application has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 946437.
Funded by the European Union. Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union or the European Education and Culture Executive Agency (EACEA). Neither the European Union nor EACEA can be held responsible for them.
Are you ready to be a
sustainability leader?
We want to hear what you're working on - and help solve your most pressing issues. Our market specialists help you identify which solution best suits your needs, based on your location, industry, and transparency plans.
Let's chat!
Solutions
Minespider Platform
Product Passport
Battery Passports
Diamond Passports
Carbon Emissions Tracking
Tracking Tool
OreSource
Industries
Batteries
OEMs
Mining & Metals
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Ebooks
Regulations
The Inflation Reduction Act - Guidance for EV brands
EU Battery Regulation
Compliance with Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM)
The Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)
ESG Regulation
The German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act
Company
About us
Press
Contact us
Contact us
General Enquiries
hello@minespider.com
Baarerstrasse 10, 6302 Zug, Switzerland
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Terms of use
© MINESPIDER AG. All Rights Reserved