Learn about our recent visit selling our Scotch Beef in Japan.
Close
Who We Are Our Team Farming Products Customers Careers Latest News Contact Us
MOO WE ARE
Stoddarts are a fully integrated beef supplier with long established relationships with many of Scotland's biggest and best cattle farmers. A substantial number of these farmers sell their cattle exclusively to us. Our Procurement team are on their farms on a weekly basis, and will only draw the appropriate animals when they have achieved the optimum finish. This ensures that the farmers receive the maximum value for their animals and at the same time we can deliver the highest levels of quality and consistency to our customers. Stoddart's size and scale has allowed us to develop these uniquely personal and inclusive relationships.
ABOUT US
We've come a long way since we started in the 1950's with a small operation in Edinburgh's municipal abattoir, today we process up to 1000 head of cattle per week. Our 250 employees, many of whom have been with us for over 20 years, bring with them an unrivalled set of butchery skills and knowledge that enables us to offer a very bespoke product offering to each of our customers throughout the UK, Europe and the rest of the world.

From our abattoir situated at the heart of cattle country in Ayrshire, we supply our Primary Butchery operation and Further Processing facilities just out side Edinburgh with the very best Scotch Beef. This enables us to consistently select beef to meet each of our customers individual requirements, be this with cattle breed, fat cover, internal marbling, dry aged or even animals from a specific farm.
COMPANY HISTORY
Stoddart's was founded in 1959 as a multi-species butchery supplier located in the municipal abattoir in Edinburgh. By 1993 the business had expanded to a level that saw the addition of a state of the art boning plant being opened at Broxburn. In 2000 the group added its own abattoir at Ayr with the capacity to process over 1000 head of cattle per week.

Fifteen years later the owner Neil Stoddart decided to retire and spent a considerable amount of time ensuring that his company was sold to the right people, who held the same values as he did. In November 2015 the business was sold to Manifesto Foods.

Accreditations | Modern Slavery Statement | Current Vacancies
© 2024 A.K. STODDART LTD. REGISTERED IN SCOTLAND NO. SC033785