Accessibility and Languages
Menu
Industry Leaders in Life
Science, Engineering and Clinical Recruitment
As a global STEM network, we apply our specialist industry knowledge to the full spectrum of roles and talent solutions. We recruit across the product life cycle, from scientific research and technology, clinical trials, manufacturing, and engineering disciplines to market access. We have over 30 years of experience in taking projects from discovery to completion and developing bespoke solutions to help unlock new ways of working and thinking.
Search Jobs
Discover Global STEM Talent Trends and Insights 2024
Gain valuable insights from over 4,000 professionals on salary benchmarks, workplace trends, Equality, Diversity and Inclusion, AI in the workplace, and more. In today’s competitive market, securing and retaining top talent is crucial for success, whether you’re a business or an individual striving for career growth – stay ahead of the curve!
Download Now
Powering the Future of STEM
Together, we create world-class communities that empower individuals and businesses to shape tomorrow’s world.
Learn More About What We Do
Explore Our Latest Jobs
Find the best Life Sciences career opportunities: 
View All Jobs
Internal Communications Officer
Stevenage, Hertfordshire
Negotiable
AbbVie Early Talent Programme
Maidenhead, Berkshire
Up to £35000 per annum
Our Sectors
Biotechnology
Chemicals
Digital Health
Food, Drink and FMCG
Medical Technology
Pharmaceuticals
Science
Engineering
Clinical
Our Business Solutions
Staffing Solutions
Executive & Technical Search
Managed Service Provider & Contingent Workforce Solutions
Pre-Clinical Discovery Science
Early Talent in STEM
Recruitment Process Outsourcing and Permanent Workforce Solutions
Statement of Work (SOW)
Salary Benchmarking
Candidate Testimonials
We partnered to effectively attract, source, and evaluate applicants and this year's individuals are now in place, contributing real value to the business, whilst building skills for an exciting future career.
Early Talent Client
Delivering an exceptional campaign for Early Talent. They really make a difference for students from under-represented backgrounds. The team goes above and beyong. 
Early Talent Client
Latest News, Events & Insights
Our Life Sciences expertise and partnership-led approach allows us to deliver highly successful results for our clients so they can attract and retain unique talent for their business. Explore our latest collection of case studies, news, events, and insights from SRG. 
View All Insights
Press ReleaseRecruitment
SRG and ELRIG UK Announce Partnership to Advance Life Science Professionals in Drug Discovery
Partnership endorses mission to facilitate career progression and support life science industry growth
Read More
BlogInsightsGuides & Reports
Simple and Effective Ways to Drive Diversity & Inclusion in Leadership
A company’s leadership sets an example. If diversity and inclusion in a leadership is lacking, it can have a damaging impact. Here are a few simple, effective tips from SRG to help get it right.
Read More
Awards & Partnerships
Get in Touch
0161-526-1901
info@srgtalent.com
For Job Seekers
Job Search
Jobseekers
Business Solutions
Staffing Solutions
Executive & Technical Search
Managed Service Provider & Contingent Workforce Solutions
Pre-Clinical Discovery Science
Early Talent in STEM
Recruitment Process Outsourcing and Permanent Workforce Solutions
Statement of Work (SOW)
Salary Benchmarking
About SRG
About Us
Meet the Team
Join Us
CSR & Partnerships
SRG Scotland
Insights
News & Insights
Guides & Reports
Podcasts & Webinars
Career Advice
Case Studies
Documents
Whistleblowing policy
Accessibility
Carbon Reduction Plan
ED&I statement
Gender Pay Gap Report
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Terms and conditions
Complaints Procedure
Part Of
© SRG, Registered Address: First Floor, Mulberry House, Parkland Square, 750 Capability Green, Luton, LU1 3LU
© 2024 SRG.
Site by
.sourceflow_logo_svg__st0{fill:#fff}
Site Map
Carbon Reduction Plan
ED&I statement
Whistleblowing policy
Privacy Policy
Gender pay gap report
Modern Slavery Statement
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Terms and conditions
Enable Recite
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie policy
Allow All
Disable All
Customise Settings