We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
THE STATION INN
827 Front Street
Cresson, PA 16630
Menu
Check Availability
THE STATION INN B&B WELCOMES YOU TO
Watch the Trains from Our Front Porch
Welcoming Rail Enthusiasts and History Buffs since 1993
The Station Inn is a railroad-themed B&B located in Cresson, PA along the same busy Norfolk Southern railroad main line that traverses famous Horseshoe Curve a few miles away.  Guests from far and wide stay at The Station Inn - built as the 1866 Callan House - to congregate and talk trains, explore the region’s railroad attractions, and explore local spots to watch freight trains conquer the mountain grades of the Alleghenies.
Our expansive front porch is 145 feet away from Norfolk Southern’s main line, where you will be wowed with the sights and sounds of heavy mainline railroading.  Our radio system allows you to listen in to the action, while our porch lighting and WiFi allow you to relax and stay as connected as you like.  Eight comfortable rooms welcome the mountain air so that you can settle in for the night.
Check Availability
The Station Inn has five two-room suites upstairs. Downstairs, there is a large three room suite and two smaller, single rooms. All accommodations have private baths. Desks, reading lamps and Keurig coffee makers are provided.  Comfortably bright lamps are bedside for those who read before retiring. The next morning, you can enjoy a cup of tea or coffee on the porch before we serve you a full, hot breakfast, along with fresh fruit and breakfast pastries in our common dining area.  Complementary soft drinks, spring water, and cookie jar all await, and when you’re ready for lunch or dinner, a number of local eateries are a short walk or drive away.
Call (814) 886-4757, send questions to innkeeper@stationinnpa.com or check our availability and book online.
See our RESERVATION POLICY and GUEST POLICY for details concerning changes, cancellation, children, pets, alcohol, and tobacco.
OUR ROOMS



Reading Room
Sleeps: 2
2 XL Twin beds
Trackview Rooms, Our Rooms, Standard Rooms
Central RR of New Jersey Room
Sleeps: 2
2 XL Twin beds
Trackview Rooms, Our Rooms, Standard Rooms
Baltimore & Ohio Suite
Sleeps: 4
1 Queen bed, 2 XL Twin beds
Trackview Rooms, Our Rooms, Suites








Breakfast in the Common Room
Our guests enjoy breakfast together in our Common Room, surrounding our beautiful custom wooden breakfast table, up to twelve at a time.  Breakfast starts with coffee, tea, and orange juice, with a full hot breakfast prepared by our cook.  We serve a variety of dishes, including pancakes, waffles, french toast, scrambled eggs, open faced omelets, or biscuits and sausage gravy.  Most meals are served with ham or sausage.  We can accommodate most food allergies or dietary restrictions with advanced notice.
Ours is a communal breakfast, where our guests get to know one another, chat with our staff, and trade their insights about railroads in the area.
Typically, breakfast is served at 8:15am.  Guests are asked to sign up on the white board in the front lobby by 9:00pm the previous evening. During busy times, we will provide servings at both 8:00am and 8:45am to accommodate greater numbers of guests.  If your travel plans don't allow for breakfast, ask at the front desk as we may be able to accommodate you.
After breakfast, you're free to grab another mug of coffee to enjoy on our front porch or elsewhere in the common room.
      WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY
Previous
Very welcoming with comfy "at home" feel. If you're serious about observing today's rail activity, this is the place. Food & drinks: AWESOME custom prepared breakfasts! Everyday!!!
read more
ENJOYING R.
1/09/2024
A wonderful plan to stay for anyone with interest in the trains rolling by and the railroad industry in general ... Nice folks, great breakfast! Just do it!
read more
SETH G.
12/16/2023


Next
1
2
3
4
5
Read More
OUR STAFF
Pat Barry
Pat has been our innkeeper since our family purchased the Inn in May, 2022. Pat served in The Marine Corps for 4 years and spent many years working with the Special Needs community. Pat loves animals, enjoys being active, riding her bike and eager to learn how to play pickle ball. Loves kayaking and stand-up…
Read More »
Alex & Leah Lang
J. Alex Lang was a high school student in the 1990s when he first saw an ad in Railpace Newsmagazine inviting railfans to stay at The Station Inn. Making his first visit in October 1994, Alex returned many times over the ensuing decades. Alex always loved the combination of busy, mountain railroading with the Inn’s…
Read More »
Read More
Contact us
(814) 886-4757
827 Front Street, Cresson, PA 16630
innkeeper@stationinnpa.com
Site Menu
Check Availability
Our Rooms
Online Store
Groups & Events
Contact
Our Staff
Artist-in-Residence
Blog
Live Streams
Social Media
© 2024 The Station Inn. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Reservation Policy | Guest Policy
Site Designed by 5611 Marketing Studios