Skip to content
Hello! We'd like to help you...
UNLOCK PEOPLE PERFORMANCE
DEVELOP YOUR TEAMS
IMPROVE EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE
It's tough being a leader right now.
The demands on you as a leader are expanding quicker than ever. It can feel relentless. Exhausting. Most of the leaders we talk to talk more of 'surviving' than 'thriving'.
That's where we come in. We've been partnering with leaders for over 20 years to guide, support and challenge them so that they can navigate their team to success.
We don't believe in digging deep and pushing through. We know the path to unlocking sustainable results is to harness motivation. Your motivation and that of your team. And we can show you how.
Motivation enables people to realise their full potential. Without it, nothing happens. Think about it. If you aren't feeling motivated at work, how productive are you? How driven are you? How much do you care about the team? Contrast that with times when you are fully motivated. How much are you able to achieve then? How willing are you to innovate, problem-solve, lean in?
Imagine being surrounded by a team of people who are fully charged, totally up for the challenge ahead and deliver brilliant results, without burning out. 
Imagine being part of a team that drives its own success, where leadership is shared and people feel fully engaged in what they do (and why they do it).
They are the types of teams we help create. They are the type of teams people want to be part of. Let us show you how. 
It's time to do leadership differently.
It's time to put the human back into how work is done.
It's time to tap into the energy that enables every single one of us to deliver extraordinary results: motivation. 
To find out more about our approach and how we harness motivation to deliver improved profitability and greater purpose, watch our short video
Move from surviving to thriving as a team
Want to know what motivates your people and how to harness it to increase productivity and well-being? Find out more here.
Improve employee experience 
Want to enhance employee experience at work? Find out more here.
Developing leadership throughout your team
Want to develop your own leadership capabilities or those of your team? Find out more here. 
  Build teams fit for a hybrid world
Want your team to achieve high performance quickly and impactfully? Find out more here. 
  Mapping Motivation
We help people become accredited in Motivational Maps® and mojo in their own organisation. Find out more on our dedicated website here.
  Find out more
GET IN TOUCH
Latest News
Working smarter towards a ‘New Better’
Everyone’s been talking about a ‘new normal’, but I like to think about the ‘New Better’. And one area where I think we can make a real difference towards the ‘New Better’ is in the way we develop teams. There is no doubt we need to develop teams. Having initially coped through the early days of the pandemic, leaders are now adjusting to how…
Dig out that old psychometric profile test from the bottom drawer
One of the popular questions readers of my book CREATE Motivation have been asking is about how they can put the pieces of their leadership ‘jigsaw’ together in order to powerfully stand in their place of ‘Current Reality’ and/or ‘Envision’ their future. I see this question best answered through the three distinctions I make about the What,…
Your free extract from my new book CREATE Motivation; How did we get here?
“How did we get here?”… These are the opening words of my new book, CREATE Motivation. Certainly, these words seem more relevant and poignant than ever before due to the challenging times we are all facing right now. Take a read of this free extract from my book. I hope you enjoy it.
SEE ALL OUR NEWS
Twitter
LinkedIn
Policies
Terms of use
Terms & conditions
Privacy and cookie policy
Motivational Maps® is a registered trademark of Motivational Maps Ltd.
  Get in touch
 Registered Office: 
35 Chequers Court, Brown Street Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP1 2AS, UK
Company No: 06549299
 info@motivationalleadership.co.uk 
Website Development by aprompt | Design: Perth by aThemes.