CPL SACHSE
SMART API® CHEMISTRY
We are a contract developer and manufacturer of organic, active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) for human and veterinary use.
Convincing services
API production
We are an established order and contract manufacturer of active pharmaceutical ingredients (drug substances) and selected intermediates ranging from milligrams to kilograms.
Our production follows cGMP and is in accordance with the EU-GMP-Guideline Part II (ICH Q7). We are regularly inspected by the responsible local authority which issues us with drug substance-specific GMP certificates.
We are currently manufacturing nine certified APIs for market supplies exclusively for our customers on a regular basis.
more information
Synthesis development
We have more than 30 years of experience in the development of organic syntheses for drug substances (APIs).
On receipt of an order for synthesis development we first research the latest state-of-the-art and conduct a feasibility study if applicable. This includes the proposed synthetic route, a schedule and a cost estimate for the execution of the necessary development work. It may also include an estimate of the future manufacturing costs for the drug substance.
more information
Analytical development
In addition to synthesis and drug development, we offer a comprehensive range of analytical services (incl. stability testing). Our range includes both routine analysis according to pharmacopoeial methods as well as the development of new analytical methods for drug substances and drug products.
We have many years of experience in using gas chromatography (GC/MS, GC/FID) to determine residual solvents in pharmaceutical ingredients, drug substances (APIs) and drug products.
more information
Formulation development
We have more than 30 years of experience in the development and regulatory affairs of drug formulations. We will be happy to support you and consult on all matters relating to this field.
more information
Imprint
Privacy policy
GTC
© 2024 Chemisch-pharmazeutisches Labor, Rolf Sachse GmbH