Search Properties
Search By
Find Your Home
Hilton Head Island, SC
Bluffton, SC
Luxury Homes
Sea Pines
Hilton Head Plantation
Gallery View
Photo gallery of properties
Map View
Google map, sidebar of properties
Talk with an Agent
Have a question?
The Sheri Nixon Team
Our Goal is to Help You Buy, Sell, And Love Your Home
It’s pretty simple….deliver on the experience you’ve promised. That approach to real estate sales is how we keep our clients coming back and referring us over and over. We follow through on what we say…and then some…and it’s this simple commitment to going above and beyond that sets us apart from the pack and consistently turns clients into lifelong friends.
Sheri Nixon began her Real Estate career in 2004. Ranked in the top 5% in sales among realtors on Hilton Head Island, Sheri consistently sells over 10 million dollars in property annually. She has served on the Hilton Head Island Board of Realtors, Keller Williams Associate Leadership Council, and many other integral positions during the last several years. Sheri has been awarded the Hilton Head Island Realtor Service Award for the past 8 years and holds numerous designations including, Resort &amp; Second Home Property Specialist, Accredited Buyers Representative, and Internet Marketing Specialist. In 2011, Sheri recruited Shannon Sheehan as her full time Buyer’s Agent. Sheri prides herself and her experienced team members in delivering excellent customer care and possessing an unparalleled knowledge of the local market.
HERE IS WHAT WE DO:
* We focus our energy and activities on our customers.
* We invest in Zillow, Trulia, and other marketing websites to ensure prime listing status.
* We invest in the best digital photography. Our pictures are professionally taken to create amazing photographs of homes we are selling.
* We have relationships with contractors to do virtually anything you need to get your home ready for sale or to complete your dream in the new home you purchase.
* We have relationships with designers to stage to add those visually appealing touches to your listing that create value.
* We have relationships with appraisers, so we know upfront where difficulties might lie and then work to correct them so we will not have an appraisal problem.
Top Areas & Neighborhoods
Hilton Head Island, SC
643
Bluffton, SC
556
Luxury Homes
579
Sea Pines
70
Hilton Head Plantation
20
Indigo Run
16
Palmetto Dunes
96
North Forest Beach
106
Golf Communities
226
Hilton Head Island Homes
190
Hilton Head Island Villas/Condos
339
Bluffton Homes
407
Bluffton Villas/Condos
45
Guides
Hilton Head Island, SC
Bluffton, SC
Luxury Homes
Sea Pines
Hilton Head Plantation
More Guides
Company
Meet The Team
Our Blog
Contact Us
Resources
Buy a Home
Sell Your Home
Finance
Get Social
About Us
The Sheri Nixon Team is Hilton Head Island's most innovative real estate team.
The Sheri Nixon Team | Keller Williams
8 Lafayette Place, Suite 203, Hiton Head Island, SC 29926
843-301-2688


We do not attempt to independently verify the currency, completeness, accuracy or authenticity of the data contained herein. All area measurements and calculations are approximate and should be independently verified. Data may be subject to transcription and transmission errors. Accordingly, the data is provided on an “as is” “as available” basis only and may not reflect all real estate activity in the market”. © 2024 REsides, Inc. All rights reserved. Certain information contained herein is derived from information, which is the licensed property of, and copyrighted by, REsides, Inc. Data last updated 2024-05-05T21:58:05.487.
© 2024
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
DMCA
Listings Sitemap