Camphill Village Copake
Skip to main content
Donate
Menu
Launch static backdrop modal
A productive and welcoming community where people of all abilities thrive together.
Read More
A lifetime of integration, equity, and opportunity
Camphill Village Copake is a diverse community shared by people with developmental differences, where opportunities for personal fulfillment abound.
A luminary in our field, the founding of Camphill Village in 1961 was part of a transformative movement in the United States to reform how society treats people with special needs.
About Camphill Village
Watch
Explore Camphill Village
Learn about Life at Camphill village
We are a community built on the practice of lifesharing, meaning we live together, share meals and purposeful work, and experience milestones together.
Life at Camphill Village
Discover our different workplaces
We spend our days farming and gardening; cooking wholesome meals and maintaining our households; and creating beautiful handmade items in our craft studios.
Our Workplaces
Hear from Our Residents
Our community members and their families all have different experiences and reasons for connecting with Camphill Village.
Find more Testimonials
“The biggest thing is just seeing her thrive here, compared to a standard typical group home. It gives her a sense of purpose in an environment that’s holistic.”
Chris Warga
Kim's brother
News & Updates from Our Community
Music in Winter
When we spend more time indoors during the warmer months, we concentrate on reading, hobbies, and enjoying musical pursuits....
Arts
Blog
Music
News from the Village
Therapy
Turtle Tree Seed in the NYT!
biodynamic
Embracing Autumn in Copake
Blog
View all news
Upcoming Events
MON
08
Jan 08 @ 5:00 pm - Jan 08 @ 6:00 pm
Bell Ensemble Practice
TUE
09
Jan 09 @ 7:30 pm - Jan 09 @ 9:00 pm
Village Forum
WED
10
Jan 10 @ 7:30 pm - Jan 10 @ 8:30 pm
Movement with Abby
View All Events
Apply to Volunteer at Camphill Village
Immerse yourself in our vibrant community, living alongside others in a common spirit of inclusion and sustainability.
Find open positions
Become a student of the Camphill Academy!
Support Camphill Village by Making a Donation
Without the generous support of families and friends, Camphill Village could not possibly fulfill its mission of service. Support our annual operating budget by giving to our Annual Fund, or play a vital role in the future of Camphill Village by leaving a legacy gift.
Donate today
social
social
social
Camphill Village is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, national origin, citizenship status, disability or veteran status.
Camphill Village Copake
84 Camp Hill Road Copake, NY 12583
info@camphillvillage.org
518-329-4851
About Us
Life at Camphill Village
Get Involved
Visit Us
Admissions
Donate
Friends and Affiliations
GuideStar
Charity Navigator
The Christian Community Movement for Religious Renewal, HIllsdale
Demeter
Camphill Association of North America
Turtle Tree Seed
Healing Plant Garden
Camphill Academy
Always stay up-to-date.
Receive our Newsletter
Name(Required)
Email Address(Required)
© 2023 Camphill Village Copake EIN: 14-1463358 Website Design by Elevation
Accessibility Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy