Skip to Content
Free Consultation
menu
Solar Panel Installation and Alternative Energy Solutions for Chicagoland, Northwest Indiana, & Northern Illinois Property Owners
CONTACT US
Residential and Commercial Renewable Energy Solutions
Switching to solar should be easy. Kapital Electric, Inc is an Illinois Commerce Certified solar panel Installer. We excel at giving you peace of mind. We specialize in solar panel installation in your Chicago, NW Indiana or Northern Illinois home. We have built a solid reputation and take your trust seriously, and we work with American-made solar panels. Our goal is to make your transition to renewable energy easy. Rather than renting panels, choose the option that brings stability, peace of mind, and cost savings to your home or business. Kapital Electric is a locally owned and operated company providing renewable energy solutions to the Chicago area since 2009.
RESIDENTIAL
COMMERCIAL
SOLAR PANEL INSTALLATION
Why Solar Energy Makes Sense
People are switching to solar energy and installing EV chargers for many reasons. Solar energy saves you up to 55 percent on energy costs, and the government chips in with rebates and tax credits. Additionally, the panels will make your home more attractive on the open market. We do not recommend leasing panels because the government’s tax credits only apply to owners of the panels. Lastly, solar panels are built to last, and our installation process is straightforward. We handle all the permits and inspections and always provide a free estimate.
GET A FREE ESTIMATE
Take the Plunge: Invest in Solar Power Today
Solar panels are no longer as expensive as they once were due to incentives from the government. In many cases, you can get the initial cost down 50 percent. The panels are durable and can withstand rain, snow, hail, and wind. Solar panels are one of the best ways to become environmentally friendly. We are proud of our reputation for outstanding customer service and can’t wait to find ways to improve your quality of life. Please tell us what you need from us today.
GET STARTED HERE
Kapital Electric, Inc
Address
1270 Mark St
Bensenville, IL 60106
Phone
630-833-2389
Hours of Operation
Monday: 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM
Tuesday: 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM
Wednesday: 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM
Thursday: 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM
Friday: 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM
First Name *
Required
Last Name *
Required
Phone *
Required
Email *
Required
Which Energy Alternative Are You Interested in Learning About? Choose All That Apply
Solar Panels
Electric Vehicle Chargers
QuietCool Fans
Battery Storage
Generators
Commercial Work
Ice Melting Equipment
Service Upgrades
Message
File
Max. file size: 100 MB.
Please upload a copy of your Electric Bill
Kapital Electric Inc.
We specialize in installing solar panels, EV chargers, commercial and whole-house generators, Quietcool whole-house fans, Tesla energy systems, SPAN smart panels for homes and businesses.
  CONTACT US
Business Details
Address:
1270 Mark St Bensenville, IL 60106
Contact Us:
Phone: 630-948-5043
Hours of Operations:
Mon – Fri: 08:00 AM – 04:00 PM
Quick Links
Home
Residential Renewable Energy
Residential Solar Panels
Commercial Solar Panels
Solar Energy Webinars
Free Consultation
Blog
FAQ
AREAS WE SERVE
Boone County | Cook County | DeKalb County | DuPage County | Grundy County | Kankakee County | Kane County | Kendall County | Lake County | McHenry County | NW Indiana | Will County | Winnebago County
© 2024 Kapital Electric, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap