Skip to primary navigation
Skip to main content
HOU
ATX
Award-Winning Real Estate Photography Houston, TX
SCHEDULE NOW
MENU
HOUSTON AND AUSTIN’S LEADING AWARD WINNING REAL ESTATE PHOTOGRAPHY COMPANY
Why TK Images
With every photograph we take, we are building a visual connection between a buyer and a property. We seek out the best perspective and aspects of a residential or commercial property that will resonate with a prospect. Our photographs are meant to illustrate the story that buyers are writing in their minds as they search for a home. Since 2002, TK Images’ team of professional photographers and editors has showcased sellers’ homes to present them in their best light. We focus a keen eye and a deep passion on real estate photography to create that critical first impression. Led by owner Julie Pistone Krampitz, TK Images operates under the guiding tenets of quality, customer service, and dedication.
Upgrade your real estate photography. Get started today.
SERVICES & PRICING
What Our Clients Say
Video Player
https://df26af52c53433650757-d109ef650c686b05ef95eb682c7fa5ab.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/Steven%20T1.mp4
00:00
00:58
"We are experts when it comes to selling real estate, and when it comes to photography, we rely on 'the experts' at TK Images to photograph all of our listings. One of the best investments for marketing a listing is to have professional photography. As the saying goes- 'a picture is worth a thousand words.' TK Images has been an important part of Martha Turner Properties since 2002. We love that they automatically load the photos to MLS for us and we are able to use the photos for our advertising needs, including Properties Magazine, Houston Chronicle, Houston Business Journal, brochures, direct mail pieces, and many more publications. They are fantastic, easy to work with, and do a great job!"
Martha Turner
Martha Turner Sotheby's International Realty
Copyright © 2024 TK Images · Houston, TX Office tkimages@tkimages.com 713-545-9177 · Austin, TX Office austin@tkimages.com 512-949-0988
Terms of Service · Privacy Policy · Site Map · Create an Account · Manage Your Account · Log in
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, or continuing to browse the website, you consent to the use of ALL cookies.
ACCEPT