Call us today 03300 580151
ABOUT
HIRE PURCHASE
LEASING
PROFESSIONAL LOANS
VENDOR FINANCE
SECTORS
CONTACT
Finance for all types of dental equipment
SEE DENTAL EQUIPMENT FINANCE OPTIONS
For Your Business
Competitive finance and great service, that's what you can expect from us.
Established 2003, TeleLease is an Asset Finance Broker with customers throughout the UK, ranging from small professional practices to larger groups.
We're still a family business and you can talk to the owners at any time. We understand SME finance more than most and have twenty years experience working with business & professional people just like you.
You're in safe hands, our finance is provided through a panel of well known banks and finance houses. And with our dedicated team providing support and advice, you really will get the best of both worlds. Excellent service and competitive interest rates.
So if you need asset finance or a professional loan, and would like to deal with a finance company that speaks your language, then get in touch. It costs nothing to talk.
Making the Difference
Professional Practice Specialists
Expert business advice
Tailored finance applications
Hire Purchase & Lease options
Professional Loans
Low deposit schemes
SME Champions
Fast track process
Customers throughout the UK
Competitive Finance Rates
Established 2003
Find out more
For an informal discussion, complete the following form and we will contact you.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Phone Number (required)
Your Message
Find out more about the Assets & Equipment we finance
DENTAL
MEDICAL
VETERINARY
OPHTHALMIC
SCIENTIFIC
CARE HOMES
Call us today on 03300 580151
info@telelease.com
Address
3 Brindleyplace
Birmingham, United Kingdom
B1 2JB
FCA Authorised
Telelease is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is a broker, not a lender. Registered No 551064.
Registered Office: Telelease Limited, 3 Brindley Place, Birmingham B93 8NN
Company Number: 05004236
VAT Number: 836 8153 08
Useful Information
Commission Disclosure
Complaints Procedure
Credit Scoring Tips
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Why Use Equipment Finance Instead of Cash
© 2003 - 2023 TeleLease Ltd
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read More