0049 – (0) 40 – 866 258 10
application@bishop-gmbh.com
|
ENGLISH | GERMAN | 中文
The Bishop GmbH is an Aeronautical Engineering company, with a long and rich experience with work packages, and supply of staff for major OEMs for Aeronautics, Space (and also serving the Wind Energy, Maritime and Automotive industries).
The Business models include Work packages, Supply of Contract staff, own Engineering / Innovation, Research and a Think-tank. Special projects on request.
We have specialized as agents for aeronautical  engineers, expert- and executive positions and specialized personnel. The standards we set for our employees are accordingly high. Since 1997 the Bishop GmbH has been successful in the procurement of first class personnel  for the aircraft  sector: from development and engineering tasks for the Airbus GmbH Company
(A 400M, A 380 etc.), to marketing- and management positions in the air flight  industry.
  For the Application form click here. (191KB / PDF-Format)
Good references are the key to your professional success. If you have less or no experience, an excellent or good academic record will also convince us, and we will give you the chance to gather initial experience with the leading aircraft enterprises of Europe. In the same way, we will consider giving applicants, who have a track record of achievement but no, or a weak, academic record, a chance in the air flight industry.
27th Anniversary of Bishop GmbH
Bishop GmbH was founded on 17. July 1997 in Hamburg, and eventually became via its subsidiary 1st tier E2S with Airbus with EN9100 quality certificate. Next year we will celebrate our 27th year of foundation, and with the award of the 4 year framework contract EASA.2021.HVO.06 Award 2022 – 2026.
I can not think of a better way of celebrating this company’s success, than the award by a prestigious and important customer of this 4 year contract and for the 4th time.
Bishop News
21st Years of Service to Bishop GmbH, and its customers
16. October 2023
On 15th September 2023, in our offices in Neuer Wall, Bishop GmbH along with some colleagues we celebrated the achievement of Lip Lee Teh’s 21 years of employment. This wonderful…
Read More
New German Patent DE 11 2014 006 252 B4
21. August 2023
New German Patent DE 11 2014 006 252 B4 Bishop wishes to announce that he has been awarded a new patent, for commercial jet seat fittings. Bishop GmbH has been…
Read More
Our innovations continue to be driven forward
15. August 2023
Our innovations continue to be driven forward We no new aircraft to develop, Bishop GmbH has looked outside of North Germany for new customers which has been with successful. At…
Read More
Video Player
https://www.bishop-gmbh.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/video_bishop.mp4
00:00
03:30
Spacetech Expo:
Bishop GmbH following the sucessful visits made in 2015, and 2016 to Seattle and Los Angeles made its way again to the USA from 17-28. May 2017.
Bishop Exhibited rom 23-25. May at Spacetech Pasadena. See attached EXPO TV Interview on the attached video file (Mr Bishop was suffering a throat infection which mitigated his ability to speak)
Our Philosophy
From the start, Bishop GmbH has concentrated on the core Aeronautical Engineering disciplines of Stress Analysis (including Fatigue & DT), Systems, Aerodynamics (including icing and acoustics) and Loads.
Top Specialists
The secret to entrepreneurial success is to have the right employee at the right place at the right time. We work as headhunters in cooperation with the most important enterprises in the aircraft sector.
Innovative Developments
Another goal is to promote aeronautical science and research. Innovative developments such as the FSAS or the Aircraft Cabin Security Systems, show our commitment to innovate and react quickly to changes.
About the Bishop GmbH
The future has begun – without qualified specialists no company can survive. “Know- how“ is essential for the realisation of projects which, at first, appear to require an uncertain amount of time. At the same time, it is necessary to keep an eye on the resources – to be, in other words, entirely requirement orientated.
Since 1997 the Bishop GmbH has been successful in the procurement of first class personnel for the aircraft sector. More than 200 highly specialized employees work for our company throughout Europe. From the Engineering and Developement of the Airbus GmbH aircraft (A 400M, A 380 …) to the marketing- and management positions in the aircraft industry; we have at our disposal a great pool of qualified and motivated aeronautic personnel.
Special skills, which – if so you wish – are available also for limited time and selective tasks. Naturally, you may also secure the collaboration of our staff indefinetly, by taking them on.
The perfect crew is the key to the success of your company. Only with the right body of co-workers situated in the right positions, do we arrive together at our destination. We are looking forward to meeting you.
Peter Bishop
Managing Director of Bishop GmbH
Aeronautical Engineers
Business Models
Awards
Business models
We are active in the Aviation, Space, Wind Energy, Automotive and Maritime Industrial Sectors. The Bishop GmbH has 5 business models, offering the following services:
1. Recruitment: Hire of temporary staff (mainly Expert level), in accordance with the local prevailing – for example AÜG in Germany
2. Work Packages: The customer defines a task, for example design & stress of a section of a large commercial jet, or part of a satellite, wind turbine, car or ship
Here can you download the PDF for more informations
3. Own Engineering and Innovation: With many patented designs such as the
Micro-attachment System, Composite Rivet etc.
4. Research: For example LoFo (Aeronautics Research), CODAMEIN for EASA
5. Think-tank: Bishophof
Business growth
Through the adaptation and application of the developed over several decades in the aviation industry knowledge, we are currently expanding our service portfolio to the field of renewable energies as well as the automotive industry.

Video Player
https://www.bishop-gmbh.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/cca-bishop.mp4
00:00
02:24
Our Clients:
Commercial Aircraft Industry
• Airbus Germany GmbH – Hamburg, Bremen & Stade
• Airbus France – Toulouse
• Eurocopter Germany GmbH – Donauwörth
• RUAG – Wessling/Oberpfaffenhofen
• Behr GmbH
• Deutsche Lufthansa – Hamburg
Defence Industry
• Airbus Germany GmbH – Bremen
• Eurocopter Germany GmbH – Donauwörth
Outer space Technology
• Astrium GmbH
Since 1997 the Bishop GmbH has been successful in the procurement of first class personnel for the aircraft sector. More than 200 highly specialized employees work for our company throughout Europe. From the Engineering and Developement of the Airbus GmbH aircraft (A 400M, A 380 …) to the marketing- and management positions in the aircraft industry.
Links
Imprint
Privacy policy
Download-Center
Alumni network
Business Links




Contact
Bishop GmbH – Aeronautical Engineers
Aviation House
Neuer Wall 46
20354 Hamburg
Germany
Bishop GmbH
Postfach 110801
20408 Hamburg
Tel.:0049 – (0) 40 – 866 258 10
Fax.: 0049 – (0) 40 – 866 258 20
E-Mail: bishop.peter@bishop-gmbh.com
© Copyright 2022 – Bishop GmbH – Aeronautical Engineers
Wir verwenden Cookies und andere Technologien auf unserer Website. Einige von ihnen sind essenziell, andere helfen uns, diese Website und Ihre Erfahrung zu verbessern. Google-Dienste wie Maps oder YouTube werden erst nach der Zustimmung „Cookies akzeptieren“ geladen. Dabei können personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden, z. B. für personalisierte Anzeigen und Inhalte. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung Ihrer Daten finden Sie in unserer Datenschutzerklärung. Hier können Sie Ihre Auswahl jederzeit unter „Einstellungen“ widerrufen oder anpassen.
Cookies akzeptieren
Notwendige Cookies
Cookies-Einstellungen