HOME
Home
Home
Dear Colleagues & Friends,
It’s with great pleasure that I welcome you to the 29th World Congress of the International College for Maxillofacial Surgery (ICMFS), which will be held in sunny Cyprus, between the 5th and 9th of October 2015.
Our objectives for this Congress will be to link research with practice, as well as to advance our surgical knowledge and professional care of jaws, face and skull pathologies around the world.
This Congress will offer you keynote lectures, high quality masterclasses, panel discussions, controversies, oral presentations and poster presentations. The meeting will also give everyone a chance to get closer together, make new acquaintances or meet up with old friends in a captivating setting, whilst facing new challenges and discovering new pathways of dealing with patients.
Enjoy this unique chance for all of us to meet, learn and socialize in an environment that is sunny and friendly.
Limassol, the town which will be holding the Congress, is located on the Southern coast of Cyprus.Our congress venue the Carob Mill, is situated at the historical center of Limassol surrounded from the town’s old port and the new Limassol Marina. It is an excellent conference area by the Medieval Castle of Limassol allowing you to experience the city’s old rhythm.
Our small island has an old fashioned lifestyle with many modern features and it is full of museums, enchanting castles, inviting beaches and nearly all year round sunshine. Cyprus is an island of legends and stories that date over 10,000 years ago, and has seen many civilizations come and go which includes people like Alexander the Great to Cleopatra staking their claim here - but then, individuals do tend to get possessive when faced with such beauty. Aphrodite made Cyprus her home too, and travelers throughout the ancient times came here just to pay her tribute.
Cyprus is also well known for Copper, large deposits of which are found in Cyprus and thus the name of Cyprus derives from the ancient Greek word for copper.
To conclude, it is of great importance that we remain united and strengthen our friendships, contacts and knowledge, whilst keeping up to date with the latest developments within our field.
I hope you will enjoy and learn from our Congress Programme.
Finally it will be a great opportunity for you to visit Cyprus. I am looking forward to your presence at the 29th World Congress of the ICMFS, 2015, to advance science with you, in our wonderful town of Limassol.
  Wishing everyone all the best,
Zoe Nicolaou
President of 29th ICMFS World Congress 2015
Vice President of the ICMFS
    Dear Colleagues & Friends,
On behalf of the International College for Maxillofacial Surgery, it is my honor and pleasure to cordially invite you to our 29th Congress. The meeting will be held in October 2015 in the beautiful city of Limassol, Cyprus, and we believe it will be a truly memorable event for maxillofacial and head and neck surgeons from the whole world.
For the past 45 years, as the oldest international association of maxillofacial surgeons, ICMFS has established itself as one of the meeting points for the world’s most renowned experts in the field of maxillofacial surgery. This year’s highly anticipated event will undoubtedly bring together elite speakers and distinguished representatives from the scientific and  clinical areas to present leading research and the latest innovations in oral and  maxillofacial surgery, implantology, orthognatic surgery, head and neck oncology and others. Our exciting program consisting of workshops, symposiums, oral and poster presentations,  will not only provide excellent opportunities to exchange ideas and expand visions, but also to build and further enhance personal and professional networks – both of which will strengthen the development of clinical research and service in our field.
It is not by accident that Cyprus was chosen to be our meeting point. It is a well known Mediterranean island at the crossroads of three continents, where there’s always a new world to discover. Where East meets West and a new experience awaits for you under the sun everyday. Cypriot legend claims Aphrodite, the Greek goddess of love, was born and rose from the foam near a rock off what's now Aphrodite's Beach. Waves breaking over the rock create pillars of foam that islanders say look just like the goddess herself.
During your stay, experience the wonders of this fascinating ancient city, and explore the riches it offers. It is our sincere hope that you can join us in Limassol - Cyprus for the upcoming meeting. I believe the famous historical city and the academic event will give you unforgettable memories.
We are looking forward to welcoming you in Limassol for the 29th ICMFS Conference in October  2015.
Milorad Mesterovic
President of the International College for Maxillofacial Surgery
      WELCOME TO LIMASSOL
Limassol (also called Lemesos) is the second largest city of Cyprus with a population of approximately 180,000. It is one of six districts and covers an area of 34.87 square kilometers. Located on the Southern coast, Limassol stretches around westward to the Paphos district, bordering with the district of Larnaca on the East and with Nicosia on the North.
Read more about Limassol HERE.
  ICMFS 2015 Conference
ICMFS 2015 Abstract’s Book
ICMFS 2015 Opening Ceremony Video
ICMFS 2015 Photos
ICMFS 2015 Video
Login Or Register
Login
Congress Registration
Terms and Conditions
Useful Links
Foreign Visitors Entry Regulations
Accommodation
Car Rentals
Cyprus Diplomatic Missions Abroad
NEWS
View our brochure online by clicking here
Registration is now available
Book your accommodation now – Limited rooms available
The 29th World Congress of the International College for Maxillo Facial Surgery is now Eucomed COMPLIANT and approved from Ethical Medtech European Platform
read more news...
IMPORTANT DATES
On site Registration from 05 October 2015
  Opening Ceremony & Presidential Reception on 06 October 2015 at 11:30
  Disco Night on 07 October 2015 at 21:30 – Purchase your tickets on site
  Gala Dinner on 09 October 2015 at 20:00– Reserve your seat on site
CONTACT
Congress Secretariat
Melina Limnati
Phone: +357 25 761 010
Fax: +357 25 761 020
E-mail: info@icmfs2015.com
  President of the ICMFS Congress 2015
Zoe Nicolaou
E-mail: info@icmfs2015.com
Golden Sponsor
Bronze Sponsors
Terms and Conditions - ICMFS 2015
                               

Powered by Puzzle Designs
Back to Top
© 2024 ICMFS 2015 - www.icmfs2015.com