  The Aquarium is temporarily suspending pre-paid admissions. Tickets at the door only.

Street Closure - 5th Avenue West / Parking Deck
On Friday, April 26, 2024, milling and paving work will be taking place on 5th Avenue West between Church and Main Street. The road will close at 6:30 AM and be closed for the rest of Friday. Please seek an alternate route and watch for crews working in the area.
Parking Deck access from 5th Avenue West will be closed during construction. Access will still be open via Church Street.
Please adhere to all road closure signs and barricades for your safety.

DONATE
VISIT US
Our connection to the oceans 
Summer camps 2024   All plans for summer are temporarily postponed. We regret any inconvenience. 
 MISSION
The Aquarium & Shark Lab is focused on education, enrichment, and exploration of the ocean world.

Science, history, math, and culture are integrated into our exhibits and programs. Like the tide, we are in a continuous motion saying "Why not" and "What if" as our students and interns research ideas, document, and defy existing standards.
DID YOU KNOW...
The Aquarium & Shark Lab by Team ECCO is:
The first inland aquarium in NC
Member of: Oceana, American Elasmobranch Society; NC Science Network; National Marine Educators; American Meteorological Society, NMEA, Nature Foundation of St. Maarten, AMS, Reef Check
Listed in the top 150 aquariums in the USA by Everything Fish Keeping
Member of the  Career & Technical Education Advisory Board HCPS;
An NC Environmental Education Site; a Fish Education Site for REEF; 
Part of the NC Chapel Hill pilot program for environmental education
Has established networks with the GA Aquarium, Riverbanks Zoo, John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park, and The Field Museum in Chicago
 Has provided service work and training at the Biosphere2 in AZ.
Houses the only immersive marine science intern program for college and high school students in WNC
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING...
TESTIMONIALS
"I am so thankful for the opportunities you have provided for him and the lessons he has learned this year at the aquarium. We are grateful for your part in his education experience this school year.
 Thank You,
Amy C.
" Thank you so much, BJ! HCPS loves you! 
                                 Dr. W. Frye, Assistant Superintendent for Instructional Services
" Thanks so much ... for your tremendous engagement of our students.  You and your team are truly champions of opportunity for the youth of our community. Know this, you are appreciated!  jb
          Dr. J. Bryant, Superintendent, HCPS
Loved this place. Very friendly staff of volunteers. Clear rules and lots of touching for young minds. Kids can spend an hour in here if they are the curious sort.
Took my ten year old granddaughter one rainy afternoon. We so enjoyed the friendly staff eager to answer questions and share information! Would recommend this for anyone interested in having a wonderful up close view of the fish!
There are lots of aquariums, touch pool, and people to help in this Main Street store front aquarium. Every time I have families with children visit this is a place I take them, and have never been disappointed.
MAKE A DONATION
TO SUPPORT OCEAN EDUCATION

A 501c3 non-profit organization
DONATE NOW
Click to set custom HTML
501C3 Charity
511 N. Main St.
Hendersonville, NC  28792 
(828) 692-8386

© Team ECCO Inc. All rights reserved.
SUPPORT US