This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Show details










Deny
Customize
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
You Can Heal Your Back
No surgery. No injections. No gimmicks.
Just the best exercises and stretches for your back, core, and more.
I don't know how to thank Sara Hauber enough for helping me transform my life. Having suffered a debilitating injury that resulted in two severely herniated and ruptured discs in my lumbar spine, along with sciatic pain ...
Click here to read how the Hauber Method™ helped Jennifer and many others.
What Is the Hauber Method™?
The Hauber Method™ is the most comprehensive strengthening and stretching program for relieving back pain, increasing core strength, and correcting poor postural habits that can contribute to upper and lower back problems.
With the Hauber Method™, you'll
Learn to systematically strengthen your core and back muscles (not just stretch them, like other programs teach) so that those muscles can support your spine in a natural way,
Learn how to use correct posture to make these stretches and exercises effective against back pain, and erase the ineffective habits other modalities (even yoga) and training programs have taught you, and
Become empowered to stop back pain before it even starts, all by yourself, in the comfort of your own home--simply by practicing what you learn.
Don't Believe Exercises and Stretches Can Heal Your Back?
Click the button below, and be prepared to be convinced.
THIS METHOD WORKS
What Kind of Back Pain Does the Hauber Method™ Help?
The Hauber Method™ is the right choice if you have:
    chronic low back pain*
    sciatica
    herniated or bulging discs
    degenerative disc disease
    spinal fusion and/or post-surgical hardware
    SI (sacroiliac) joint pain
    tight hips and/or hamstrings
    poor posture and/or upper body and shoulder dysfunction
* If you have diagnosed chronic nerve pain and/or spondylolisthesis, please read this page first.
Your back pain is not inevitable.
Your back pain is not permanent.
It is a problem to be solved, and the Hauber Method™ shows you exactly how to solve it.
Read more about the method, who it helps, and how it can help you 
by clicking the button below.
LEARN MORE
By watching, reading, or practicing any of the advice and information on this site or its affiliated sites, you agree to this site's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.

All text and videos presented on this web site and its affiliated sites is copyrighted to Sara Hauber. Permission is needed before you are allowed to use or redistribute any text or videos on your or any other web site or in printed form.
Home     About     Contact     Impressum