WIN THE SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY RACE WITH MICRODOC
Services
Graal VM
MicroDoc is a source code licensee of Oracle’s GraalVM and has the unique ability to bring this advanced runtime technology to the embedded space.
Who we are
MicroDoc is a technology oriented software development business and a member of the Data Respons Group.
We have built reputation and trust in our long running customer engagements and helped numerous clients to reach their IT goals by helping them find the right technology that is cost effective and future proof.
When you plan to extend your IT systems into the mobile space or connect to the Internet of Things, you’ll need a partner, who not only understands your business needs but is also capable of managing the complex technology that is needed in today’s heterogeneous environments. MicroDoc can be your ideal partner no matter what industry you are in. Working with us means: friendly and competent staff, effective planning, up to date development methodologies, quality oriented implementations and long term maintainability.
Years of Experience
Experts
Projects
What we do
Java™ and GraalVM™ Experts
MicroDoc is member of the JCP Executive Committee and member of the GraalVM Project Advisory Board. With our unique knowledge of Java runtimes in embedded applications, we can create the optimal solution for your product.
End to End Software Solutions
Based on our 30+ years’ experience in the IT industry, we can offer project services that cover planning, requirement analysis, architecture, implementation and test, production support and maintenance for complex software projects. Whether you want individual, sporadic know how transfer or higher volume implementation services, MicroDoc will find the right experts for your project.
Quality Assurance
MicroDoc takes a rigorous approach and examines the codebase itself under strict engineering assessment criteria. Even though tool-based analysis is usually fast and precise, skilled engineers are needed to interpret the tooling results and suggest practical and non-invasive changes to the codebase.
Customization & Maintenance
MicroDoc provides enterprise level product customization services including long term maintenance. Our engineers have worked on many OSS projects and we have developed an approach to build and maintain enterprise quality open source products for our customers.
MicroDoc Computersysteme GmbH
Address:
Elektrastraße 6a
81925 Munich
Germany
Phone: +49-89-551969-0
Email: microdoc@microdoc.com
Company
Career
Impressum
Privacy/Cookie Policy
ESG