0344 488 9204
Info@club-insure.co.uk
REPORT A CLAIM
GET A QUOTE
MY CLUB INSURE
CLUB INSURE
AWARD-WINNING SPORTS AND SOCIAL CLUB INSURANCE BROKER
Call 0344 488 9204
Name
Club Name
Phone
Email
Club Insure is the leading insurance broker for sports club insurance, social club insurance, as well as a range of leisure and hospitality businesses. That’s why over 4,000 clients trust us to deliver tailored club cover.
It’s our mission to protect sports clubs, social clubs and community venues both now, and for the future.
Find out about us
Find out about our clients


Dedicated service
We’re not just here to arrange your insurance cover. Our experts become a valued addition to your team, offering guidance on a range of subjects including regulations, licensing, risk management and much more.
We include a team of highly qualified account executives and handlers, an expert claims department and our diligent risk management specialists, Club Insure’s service will help you to reduce claims, save time and ultimately save money.
Club Insure understands you
Our team has been working with sports and social clubs for over 20 years. We recognise the unique risks your club or community venue might face.
By getting to know you, we gain a deeper understanding of your individual circumstances and the cover you’ll need to protect your organisation and its people. We will visit your club and provide guidance on the individual risks you may face.
Life Lessons, with Kevin Sinfield
We were privileged to have Kevin Sinfield OBE join us for an interview in the Club Insure offices
Watch the Video
Get Started With Club Insure Today
Enquire
Still to be convinced?...
Unsure whether to Switch and Renew with Club Insure?
Check out what our customers who have made the recent switch have had to say...
See Here
Knowledge Hub
Don’t forget this before running a Euro Cup event
It’s easy to forget something important when planning for a big event like the Euro Cup or the World Cup. Note down these points if
READ MORE...
How to get Cricket Club Funding and Grants
A range of options are out there when looking for cricket club grants and funds. – UPDATED – Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced investment
READ MORE...
How to Avoid Sports Club Underinsurance
80% of sports clubs could be uninsured, is yours? Unfortunately underinsurance is fairly common in the sports club insurance sector. Many businesses are at risk
READ MORE...
How To Safely Store Combustible Materials: A Guide for Sports and Social Clubs
Risk Management for Outdoor Storage External storage is useful for sports and social clubs, often being where materials like finished goods, flammable liquids, equipment, and
READ MORE...
Here's what some of our clients think about us


"We have always been pleased with the service provided by Club Insure – they offer competitive and comprehensive quotations with a premium service. We appreciate the personal touch and face to face consultations they provide, and their expert advice ensures that we always feel confident in our insurance coverage.

This was recently put to the test when we suffered a loss and our insurers sought to decline cover. Club Insure fought on our behalf and got the decision overturned, leading to a fair payment. If we had been with a brokerage that didn’t offer an award winning claims service, or a claims service at all, we wouldn’t have had the industry know how to challenge the decision effectively – and would likely have been left out of pocket.
Aintree Conservative Club






Read More of Our Testimonials
Live Coverage
Looking for free specialist advice and industry news delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up to our free newsletter here
Submit
CONTACT US
Club Insure Ltd
Romero House
8 Airport West
Lancaster Way
Leeds
Yorkshire
LS19 7ZA
0344 488 9204
info@club-insure.co.uk
ADDITIONAL LINKS
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Business
Privacy Policy
Subject Access Request
Cookie Policy
Claims
Press Contact 
Scam Warning
RESOURCES
FAQ’s
CSR 24
SEARCH THE SITE
LOG INTO MYCLUBINSURE
OFFICIAL SUPPORTER OF
Get involved here.
OUR AWARDS
© Club Insure Ltd Registered in England & Wales no. 03535054 Club Insure Is Authorised & Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority no. 304875