Skip to content
NEXT STEP CENTRE
0117 957 53 88
Menu
NEXT STEP CENTRE
Physiotherapy is a great all-rounder – it can be used to treat the whole spectrum of injuries and aches and pains that affect a large percentage of the population on a regular basis.
If you suffer from problems with your neck and back caused by sitting all day at a desk, or even if you’re recovering from reconstructive joint surgery – physio can help.
The team at Next Step has provided physiotherapy services to athletes of all ages and abilities, from local “Sunday leaguers” to Olympic medallists and international class dancers.
All our clients receive the same very high levels of care and expertise that some of the top athletes in the country, and indeed the world, expect. We believe that if it’s good enough for them, it’s good enough for you!
After an initial physiotherapy assessment, which takes between 30 and 45 minutes, you will have a good understanding of both WHAT the problem is and, very importantly, WHY you have it.
Our experts can quickly assess the extent of musculoskeletal conditions and how to treat them. Just give us a call on
0117 956 0323 to find out how easy it is to get help from Next Step.
The Team
Our Services
Take your next step to health and fitness – we promise to help you feel and perform better all round.
Whatever your fitness needs, you’ll find that Next Step is much, much more than a gym.
Here’s just some of the services we offer – and they all come with our guarantee that you’ll be looked after by some of the most experienced and qualified staff in the fitness business.
Whatever your starting point, Next Step Exercise and Performance Centre has been carefully designed to help get you to full fitness and reach a high performance level.
Whether you’re suffering from an injury, poor health or just want to improve your fitness, we can help you attain all your goals.
If any of this appeals to you, just give us a call and we’ll set you on the road to success!
Injured? We have a team of world-class physios waiting to help you.
Want to get fit? Why not look at the deals on offer for personal training with James Boulton?
Poor posture? Join Fayme Knight in her postural class.
Do your knees or backache too much to get fit? Take a look at our anti-gravity treadmill.
Long-term back weakness? Why not join a pilates class?
Are you recovering from a knee operation, achilles tendonitis or foot pain? Get an exercise plan for our anti-gravity treadmill or book to see one of our physios.
Are you already fit but looking for that extra edge? Come and talk to Keith Graham and the team about sports performance.
Do you have a niggling injury and want to see what’s under the skin? Look no further – we have access to state-of-the-art digital X-ray equipment, as well as MRI and ultrasound scans.
Location
20A Cossham Street, Mangotsfield, Bristol BS16 9EN
Copyright © 2024 Next Step Centre – OnePress theme by FameThemes