Tel. 01323 449000 Email. sales@ihc-uk.com
Home
About
Services
Case Studies
News
Contact
We design, install and maintain heating and air conditioning systems in a wide range of commercial and industrial premises.
IHC have over 30 years experience delivering heating and cooling solutions for factories, warehouses, offices and schools. We cater for any commercial or industrial premises.
View our Heating Services View our Air Conditioning Services
What IHC will do for you:
We analyse your environment and recommend the most efficient solution for your heating and air conditioning requirements.
We schedule on-going maintenance for all your appliances, giving you peace of mind.
Weadvice you when your service is due to ensure work is undertaken on a regular basis reducing the risk of breakdowns, excessive energy usage and premature replacement of equipment.
We quickly respond to and action any enquiry/breakdown.
Why our clients choose us:
IHC have 30 years’ experience in the commercial heating and air conditioning sector.
All of our employees are fully qualified and competent to deliver an excellent, trustworthy service.
We offer free site surveys which include AutoCAD drawings and specification options to provide an environmental solution to each specific problem.
Heating
Our range of warm air heaters, radiant and boiler based products enables selection of the right product for the right job optimising comfort levels, reliability and cost.
View More
Air Conditioning
Heat pump air conditioning, provides cooling or heating when required, maintaining a stable comfortable environment no matter what the season.
View More
Ventilation
Sustainable solutions for Natural ventilation, smoke ventilation and powered ventilation for industrial, commercial and architectural buildings.
View More
Our Services
Heating
Air Conditioning
Ventilation
Find Us
Unit 10, Apex Park,
Hailsham, East Sussex,
BN27 3JU
Contact Us
T 01323 449000
F 01323 440099
E sales@ihc-uk.com
Copyright © 2024 Independent Heating & Cooling | Site Map | Privacy Policy