Skip to content
M. C. Video
Video Transfer Specialist 01978 350122
Home
Video to DVD & Digital Transfer
Cine Film Transfer
CD-DVD-Duplication
Contact
OPEN SEARCH BAR

VHS Transfer




Converting video & cine film for over thirty years
Convert Video, VHS & Cine Film to DVD and Digital
We transfer video and cine film to DVD and Digital MP4, we understand that your video tapes and family cine film hold very precious memories, ones that cannot be ever be replaced.  All transfers are carried out here and not sent off to a third party company, assuring you of a very personal and professional service.
  Convert Tapes
Convert Cine
CD-DVD-Duplication
All video transfers pass through a timebase corrector to give the best possible image and our bank of VCR playback machines are serviced regularly ensuring your tapes do not get damaged.  Even if your tapes are showing signs of mould growth or the tape has snapped, we can fix this.
VHS to digital service near me? Based in Wrexham we cover Chester, North Wales, Shropshire and the UK, we also accept tapes via the post if you cannot deliver in person.
Phone now to make an appointment or to arrange posting your videos to us.
Formats we transfer VHS - VHS-C - 8mm  Camcorder  Tape - Hi8 Camcorder Tape - Digital 8 - Mini DV - Beta SP - DVCAM
Get your video tapes converted before they disappear forever
...dont let your memories fade away
CONTACT US NOW
Speak to us
About Martyn
Martyn started M. C. Video in 1996 after working part time in various production companies. He quickly became associated with producing wedding videos of a very high standard and was in great demand by brides across the UK. Along side this part of the business Martyn was transferring cine film to VHS tape and the duplication of videos for the growing corporate market. In the late 1990's he joined the IOV and quickly qualified as a Master Member of the Institute of Videographers.
His camera and editing skills were not going unnoticed and he started to freelance for a number of production houses. This work sent Martyn all over the world, filming in the Himalayas, Northern India, Las Vegas, California, Canada, Kenya, Georgia, Oman and almost every country in Europe.
The filming of Motor sports started in the late 2000's, filming Motocross, Extreme Sports and Red Bull events and then transitioned to film for TDi Media helping to create programmes for Motors TV (Europe) and Sky Sports.
Since 2015 Martyn has freelanced for Crown Media, a media simulation company that supplies TV media training to the armed forces, usually the British MOD, The European Army and NATO.
Although kept busy filming the converting and transferring of video or cine film is always going to be the core of the business. Keeping memories alive for future generations.
Be Social With Us
Copyright © 2024 M. C. VideoPrivacy Policy