Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, First Rate Exchange Services use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookie policy
Privacy Notice
Skip to content
The experts in foreign exchange
Did you know that 1 in 4 outbound travellers leaving the UK with foreign currency are supplied by First Rate?
No? Neither did they…
First Rate Exchange Services
We provide. You sell. You profit.
We are the UK’s leading supplier of white label foreign currency to companies in the financial services, travel & tourism and retail sectors. And through them, to their customers.

1:24
We enable you to offer your customers:
Foreign currency
With First Rate, you can offer your customers over 60 types of foreign currency under your own brand, in both digital and retail environments. And we'll support you at every step.
Find out more
Prepaid travel money cards
You can also offer travel money cards, pre-loaded with multiple currencies and Mastercard®-branded for easy acceptance in 36 million locations worldwide.
Find out more
Our clients
See more
About us
History
Our people
Work with us
Modern slavery statement
What we offer
Foreign currency
Prepaid travel money cards
Insight
Clients
Sectors
Banking
Retail
Travel agents
Airports and ports
Corporate social responsibility
Our charity partner
Sustainability
Diversity and Inclusion
Contact us
Cookie policy
Privacy Notice
Modern slavery statement
Armed forces covenant
Corporate social responsibility
© 2021 First Rate Exchange Services Ltd. First Rate Exchange Services Limited ‘First Rate’ is a Bank of Ireland/Post Office joint venture company registered in England and Wales. Company Registration number: 04287490. Registered Office: Great West House, Great West Road, Brentford, TW8 9DF.
First Rate operates as a Money Service Business ‘MSB’ under supervision of HMRC (MSB licence number: MLR-64068) and is also an Authorised Electronic Money Institution (Reference number: 900412) which is regulated by Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
For the purposes of Data Protection, First Rate is registered as a ‘Data Controller’ with the Information Commissioners Office. Data Controller number: Z6622513.


Mastercard is a registered trademark and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated