See What We Can Do For You
We are committed to offering personalized service to each client. There are no call centers or a help desk. Clients work with a dedicated technician who has serviced them before and understands their business needs. Systemadix works with new clients to get a clear picture of their current systems and their future wants and needs. After conducting a comprehensive assessment, we will offer a solutions-based plan that includes recommendations for upgrades, maintenance and operational needs.
IT Support for Small & Medium Sized Business
We offer complete management of your IT systems and help whenever you need it. A dedicated technician is assigned to your office to provide help as needed. No call centers and our staff can speak clearly and personably with you.
Network Architecture Consulting
Our career IT professionals are your on-demand resource for expertise in network design, configurations, migrations, and major network administration platforms such as VMware, Microsoft Server, Veeam, and Microsoft Exchange.
Customized Software Solutions and Support
We don’t just speak IT, we speak business, and can work with yours to develop customized solutions your employees and customers will love. Customized Access and SQL applications, automated Excel spreadsheets, and other database driven software.
Website design and development
A website is usually a company's first impression to its customers. We can help you make that impression a good one with a new and engaging site. Let us help you bring your vision to life.
We are your on-site datacenter equipment and maintenance resource
Are you a company that remotely manages a data center in Northern Virginia or Maryland, but need a go to resource when data center assets need to serviced onsite? We service our own data center equipment and can do the same for yours- whether a drive needs to be swapped, networking equipment replaced, or a new server/storage device installed, we are your local resource.
"Systemadix is my IT company for several reasons: first and foremost, they are responsive and timely in their support. So often one needs an IT firm when a computer crisis hits your company, and you need help immediately. When my computer system crashed, they were available immediately to assess the problem, help me determine the right solutions, and then implement those solutions, so that I lost a very minimum of down time. Second, their pricing is the most reasonable I have found over the fourteen years I have been running my own law practice. I cannot recommend Systemadix highly enough!! They are my go-to IT solutions team for my law practice!"
Bob Eustice, Law Offices of Robert C. Eustice
Why Choose Us?
Systemadix provides IT support services and specialty automation/integration consulting for small and medium sized business. While headquartered in Frederick, MD, our technicians are located throughout the greater Baltimore/DC metro area to better serve our clients’ in-person needs. With more than 35 years experience in the field, founder Eric Bloom launched the company with a vision to break the stereotypical, frustrating interactions with big IT companies by providing personalized, hands-on IT support with a familiar face. We serve clients throughout the Baltimore and DC metro areas, including the following counties and cities: Montgomery, Prince Georges, Anne Arundel, Frederick, Fairfax, Arlington, and Alexandria. We have even had a few clients take our services with them after relocating out of the area!
Well Established
Our team of dedicated professionals has been helping clients solve their tech needs for more than a decade. Our employees have excellent technical skills but more than that, we select our team members based on their diverse experience and commitment to stellar customer service.
Hands On
There are no call centers or complicated phone systems to navigate when you need assistance. Clients typically have one point of contact, and a direct line to reach that team member.
Local
We have served dozens of clients in the Maryland-DC-Virginia area including law firms, medical organizations, nonprofits, government agencies, educational institutions and accounting firms.
"Let us help you spend more time using technology and less time frustrated by technology"
- Andrew Wilson, President
Get in Touch Today!
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Phone
Comments / Questions
Captcha
Type the five characters in the box below.
© Copyright 2024 Systemadix • All Rights Reserved. • info@systemadix.com • 240.479.7700 • 122 East Patrick Street, Suite 120, Frederick, MD 21701