Telephone: 07708 956 652
Facebook page opens in new window
Instagram page opens in new window
Mail page opens in new window
Let's Get Started
CRG1
WEB DESIGN
Professional and affordable web design services for small businesses in Northumberland, Newcastle & surrounding areas.
Web Design Services in Northumberland
Everything you need to get started
Are you a startup or local business in need of a professional website? At Crg1 Web Design, we believe that affordable web design shouldn’t mean compromising on quality.
With over 15 years web design experience, we specialise in affordable web design for startups and local businesses. We’re local, friendly and will work with you to develop the best possible website for your business.
We have websites to suit all budgets, with prices starting from £450 all of which include everything you need to get started including a Domain Name, Secure Website Hosting (SSL), Email Account, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) and Content Management System (CMS).
If you’re looking for a local web design company, website redesign or website maintenance, please get in touch, we’d love to help.
LET'S GET STARTED
SEE OUR WORK
Mobile Friendly
Mobile friendly websites that work on all devices, from desktops and laptops to tablets and smartphones.
Easy Editing
Easy to edit websites, making it simple for you to make changes at any time, using any device.
Website Updates
Struggling to find time to update your website? We can do that for you, allowing you to focus on your business.
Local Business
A local web design company that’s with you every step of the way to build you a website your business can be proud of.
'It shows the quality of my photographs perfectly'
Susan Barwood Photography
WHAT WE DO
Web Design & Development Services
Great for Individuals, Sole Traders & Start-ups
Specialists in helping individuals, start-ups, sole traders and established businesses to get online with an affordable, easy to maintain and professional looking website.
Services include website design, website redesign and maintaining existing WordPress websites. Clients range from local plumbers, taxis, driving instructors and restaurants to builders, cake decorators and sports clubs.
Make changes to your website with ease using WordPress, the world’s leading content management system and the platform we use to build all websites.
WEB DESIGN SERVICES
Website Photography
Helping your business stand out
It goes without saying just how much difference good quality photos can make to your website. Not only does professional photography show that you’re serious about your business and products, but adding quality photos will really help you stand out from your competitors.
We can capture some great photos for your business which will create a great first impression for people visiting your website.
WEBSITE PHOTOGRAPHY SERVICES
Landscape Photography Prints
A selection of our own landscape photography prints
From unspoilt coastline and ancient castles to picturesque villages and sweeping views, in our shop you’ll find a selection of our favourite photos we’ve captured from some of Northumberland and North East England’s finest locations.
All photographs are printed on Lustre Fujicolour Crystal Archive DPII Professional Photographic Paper and come mounted on plain white mount with backing board and plastic sleeve, ready to frame.
All prints available on the website are what are currently in stock however, prints are available in bespoke sizes and formats on request.
VISIT OUR SHOP
'We can’t thank Crg1 Web Design enough for their attention to detail, we would highly recommend them'
Brian & Sons Removals and Storage
Why Choose Us?
Building websites without the huge costs
Since starting way back in 2006, technology and web design has changed dramatically. Now in 2023, the objective remains the same, to build websites for local businesses without the huge costs.
And we know not everyone has the same level of knowledge when it comes to computers and web design – that’s why we do our best to keep the technical jargon to a minimum and the process straightforward.
Like to find out more about just how simple our process is, get in touch to find out more.
LET'S GET STARTED
100% Local Web Design Company
Free 1 Year Domain Name
Free 1 Year Website & Email Hosting
Free 1 Year SSL Certificate
Search Engine Friendly (SEO) Websites
Easy to Edit Websites
Ongoing Help & Support
Low Annual Renewal Costs
Used by Leading Local Businesses
'I am over the moon with our new website'
ROTHCO Wills & Estate Planning
WHAT OUR CLIENTS ARE SAYING
Cartwheel Cottage
Thanks to Colin, I now have a lovely new mobile phone friendly website. I am delighted with it. Colin has answered my many questions with easy to understand explanations and has guided me through the parts I needed to sort, so that he was able to add the booking and payment systems to the website as it was built. Colin is easy to talk things through with and he took some lovely photos to add to the website. I wanted to find someone who was local and then hoped when I rang they wouldn’t bamboozle me with techy talk! Colin ticked all the boxes. Thank you very much, I’m now looking forward to taking some bookings.
'Truly professional website design from start to finish at a price that was more than affordable'
Sovereign Taxis
USED BY LEADING LOCAL BUSINESSES
About Us
We are a Web Design Company based in Northumberland helping individuals, start-ups, sole traders and established businesses to get online with our affordable, easy to maintain and great looking websites.
Crg1 Web Design is a registered provider for the North East Business Support Fund.
Our Services
Website Design
Domain Registration
Website Hosting
Logo Design
Website Redesign
WordPress Web Design
Website Photography
Contact Information
Looking for a Web Designer in Northumberland, Newcastle or throughout the North East, get in touch to see how we can help.
Telephone Number
07708 956 652
Email
info@crg1.co.uk
Address
8, Guillemot Road, North Sea Manor, Amble, Morpeth, NE65 0ZF
Find us on:
Facebook page opens in new window
Instagram page opens in new window
Mail page opens in new window
© 2023 Crg1 Web Design | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy