904.420.0960
Meals
How it Works
Meal Pricing
About Us
FAQ's
Locations
Blog
Contact
ORDER NOW
A Meal Prep Solution For Your Busy Life
SUPERFIT FOODS MAKES IT EASY
We have 30 pickup locations located all around Jacksonville and St Augustine AND we offer home/office delivery. All meals are delivered Monday and/or Thursday cold, but never frozen. We take the prep and cleaning out of cooking- all you have to do is heat and eat! When you are ready to eat a meal, pop it in the microwave and it will be ready in under 2 minutes!
About Us
150+ Meal Options
Including Healthy Snacks and Keto Options!
Between our 3 meal plans, 4 meal types, and 6 specialty diets, we are sure to have something for everyone! We take extra care in making sure that our meals live up to our Superfit name:

All our products are hormone and pesticide-free
Our seasonings are GMO-free, kosher-friendly, gluten-free, and vegan approved
We have soy-free, dairy-free, gluten-free options
We offer grass-fed options
Juices & Shots
For the past 6+ years, we have covered all your macronutrient needs, and now we are going to take care of your micronutrient needs as well. You get 100% of the vitamins, minerals, enzymes, and nutrients when you drink our cold-pressed juice. Additionally, you could experience a stronger immune system, better digestion, more energy, less bloating, healthier skin and weight loss.
“I am in my second week of Superfit Meal Prep. Absolutely love your food! The chorizo breakfast bowl is my favorite breakfast. But each one of your meals is filled with so much flavor and the meat is never dry. I have tried every single one under your paleo menu. My doctor told me I need to eat paleo due to my PCOS and I didn't really know where to start. Thanks to you I am 8lbs down, full of energy, and love what I am eating. I have told all of my friends and they are starting to sign up too!”
Sara Gentry, 5 stars
“Superfit foods is an amazing meal prep company for healthy, portion controlled, convenient, affordable, delicious meals. They bring it right to my gym!! Amazing customer service every  time! Wish i could do every meal thru them but maybe someday i will 😊”
Sara Kirchheiner, 5 stars
“I am so happy I decided to try Superfit Foods. I am working full time and in school full time and it's so nice to easily pick up my meals and be able to have them readily available. There are a lot of great meals to choose from. Everything I have tried so far has been delicious. Best thing I have done for myself in a long time! I'm eating healthier and it tastes so good. Plus it takes away the extra stress of planning and prepping my own meals. Definitely recommend.”
Leila Patel, 5 stars
Subscribe to hear from us
First Name
Last Name
Email

Meals
Meal Pricing
Privacy Policy
Call Us Today!
904-420-0960
© 2024 
All Rights Reserved | Superfit Foods | Privacy | Powered By Aletheia Digital