GET STARTED
A platform for tax and financial advice tailored to you
Discover and work with advisors who have experience in your specific situation, including knowledge about company equity, small business, and crypto.
Invited by your advisor? Learn more
GET STARTED
HOW IT WORKS
OUR CLIENTS WORK AT
Collaborating with your advisors, made easy
SECURE, DIGITAL CLIENT PORTAL
PROACTIVE EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS
CENTRALIZED TAX & FINANCIAL DOC STORAGE
SHARED HOUSEHOLD ACCOUNTS
Invited to Harness by your advisor?
LEARN HOW IT WORKS
Bring your finances to life
Using our tools, you can capture your full portfolio, goals, and life milestones to help you make the right decisions and find the right services at the right time for you.
Advisors who just get equity and businesses
No more generic advice. Find tax and financial advisors with experience working with acquisitions and IPOs, stock options, RSUs, and QSBS. Personally vetted by Harness.
Our advisor evaluation process
Meet your Harness Concierge
The Harness Concierge are not just real humans, they’re a highly-qualified team with experience in advisory services and they are dedicated to helping you have a seamless experience.
EQUITY TOOLS
Get help with exercise strategies, tax projections, and AMT
LEARN MORE ABOUT HARNESS TOOLS
ADVISOR MARKETPLACE
Tax and financial advisors tailored to you.
BETA: SALE SCENARIOS
Project taxes from exercising or selling stock options
BETA: BALANCE SHEET
See equity as part of your overall financial picture
AS FEATURED IN
HARNESS WEALTH: IPOS AND ACQUISITIONS
“…In 2020, ~$5B was left on the table by employees not exercising pre-IPO options. Our tools help users analyze their choices and make better financial decisions – supported by our network of the best advisors in the U.S.”
– David Snider, Founder & CEO
READ MORE
About
About
Careers
Press
Blog
Harness for Employers
Terms of Service
Resources
Privacy policy
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Privacy Notice
Form CRS
Regulatory Disclosures
General Disclosures
Contact
pr@harnesswealth.com
partnerships@harnesswealth.com
support@harnesswealth.com
United States
32 Avenue of the Americas, Floor 13
New York, NY 10013
(646) 586-5427
Harness Wealth runs a bug bounty program and rewards individuals who submit potential vulnerabilities through the program. Contact us at security@harnesswealth.com.

Harness Wealth Advisers LLC (“Harness Wealth Advisers”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Multiplier, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an internet investment adviser. Harness Wealth Advisers acts as an adviser for clients with respect to their introduction to and, if retained by the client, servicing by third- party investment managers. As an internet investment adviser, the only investment advice given by Harness Wealth Advisers is to refer clients to third-party managers whose capabilities make them, in our judgment, suitable for personal evaluation and possible retention by the client. The managers whom we match our clients with have their own separate investment suitability determination responsibilities when rendering personalized investment advice to the client, and, distinct from our periodically monitoring the verifiable credentials of the managers on our platform, Harness Wealth Advisers makes no representation and bears no responsibility for the quality of the personalized investment advice that a manager renders on behalf of a client.

Harness Tax LLC provides tax related services directly to clients and Multiplier, Inc., doing business as “Harness Wealth”, provides recommendations of third-party tax and legal service providers.

Content on this website regarding financial planning, investment, tax, or legal topics should not be relied upon, standing alone or without the guidance of a capable professional, to support personalized decision-making by or affecting individual clients.

Harness Wealth, Harness Tax and the Harness Wealth Logo are trademarks of Multiplier, Inc.

© 2022 Multiplier, Inc, all rights reserved.