Skip to main content
HOME
GET HELP
GIVE HELP
EVENTS
ABOUT
CONTACT
EN ESPANOL
Families deserve warm winter homes. WAFF can help.
In-person applications now being accepted through May 31, 2024
Hard times can happen to anyone.
Sometimes all it takes is a sudden job loss or medical emergency to tip the balance. Many families choose between food and other essentials rather than heating their homes in winter. WAFF is here to help people in financial need to pay their fuel bills.
Every winter people in our community face the difficult question of whether to give up heat in their homes to deal with temporary financial crises brought on by an illness, accident or job loss. Since 1983, WAFF has distributed nearly $33 million to help more than 308,000 local homes keep their heat on while they get back on their feet. On average, WAFF helps between 7,000 and 8,000 families in D.C., Maryland and Virginia.
Make a difference.
As temperatures drop, every dollar counts. Give today to help keep the heat on in D.C.-area homes. 100% of your donation goes directly to support WAFF’s programs.
Donate now
Get Help
Eligibility
Find out if you are eligible for WAFF help.
Get Started
Resources
Learn about other resources and programs where you might get help.
Find out more
Energy Saving Tips
Find out how to make your home more energy-efficient and reduce energy costs.
Learn more
Did you know?
Previous
Since 1983, WAFF has disbursed nearly $33 million to help keep the homes of area residents warm during the winter, assisting more than 308,000 people.
Give today
Next
About the Washington Area Fuel Fund (WAFF)
Throughout the D.C. area, there are many families who will need to choose between food and other essentials rather than heat this winter – but you can help.
In 1983, Washington Gas and The Salvation Army created the Washington Area Fuel Fund (WAFF) to help neighbors in need with their heating bills each winter. Washington Gas handles the fundraising and promotion and The Salvation Army disburses the funds through its 12 offices in the metropolitan region.
Read the Founding Sponsors’ Message here.
Previous
Meet Fred
Fred, a veteran and long-time Prince George’s county resident, bought his home in 1999. By 2013, he had gone from being part of a two-income family to living on one fixed income, and struggling to pay his bills. 
Hear Fred's Story
Next
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I qualify for WAFF help?
Can I apply for WAFF help online?
Is WAFF help only available to Washington Gas Customers?
See all questions
TOP
Home
Get Help
Eligibility
Resources
Energy Saving Tips
Give Help
Events
Ice House
About
Founders' Message
WAFF In The Media
Security Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Stay Connected