iPoint Conflict Minerals
Our Conflict Minerals Software is the pioneer of compliance solutions in the cloud. Audit your supply chain and report the use of conflict minerals and cobalt comprehensively.
> DOWNLOAD IPOINT CONFLICT MINERALS OVERVIEW
More than 50,000 customers worldwide
One solution for the entire supply chain
Highly automated processes
Supports compliance with existing and upcoming regulations (USA, EU)
CMRT, EMRT and IPC-1755 standard reporting options
Comprehensive smelter management
Extensive Documentation
CONTACT AN EXPERT
iPoint Conflict Minerals - Source responsibly
The No. 1 Software for Conflict Minerals and Cobalt Compliance & Reporting
Conflict minerals are often present in complex products for specific requirements that have a low vertical range of manufacture. This is why tracking of the origin of minerals is extremely challenging.
 Ensure compliance with evolving conflict mineral regulations
iPoint Conflict Minerals is a cloud-based software solution that enables companies to address the challenge of collecting, managing, aggregating and reporting on conflict minerals and meeting the requirements of their customers and regulatory authorities.

Standardized reporting process
Benefit from standardized Reporting Templates (CMRT & EMRT) from the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) that help companies to provide accurate information about the country of origin of minerals and the smelters and refineries they use.

Worldwide supplier community
With tens of thousands of registered companies worldwide, a large community of suppliers is available to you on a common platform - the iPoint SustainHub, the largest community of sustainability & compliance experts worldwide.

High quality training and support
With our video tutorials, user guides and a professional help desk for suppliers and customers, we support you step by step on the way to responsible sourcing.

From responsible sourcing to corporate responsibility
Create transparency in your supply chain to verify that your materials and components are ethically sourced. In this way, you make an important contribution to the creation of holistic corporate responsibility.
Become an iPoint Conflict Minerals User now
To meet the needs of your company profile and size, we offer four different plans. A free Basic license is available for suppliers to answer queries from their customers. Start your way to responsible sourcing now.
 CHOOSE YOUR PLAN
Conflict Minerals - Definition
What are conflict minerals?
Conflict Minerals refer to raw materials or minerals that come from a particular part of the world where conflict is occurring and affects the mining and trade of those materials and resources.
The so called 3TGs are tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold which are mined in eastern Congo (DRC) or adjoining countries.
3TGs are essential to the production of a wide range of devices, including consumer electronics such as smartphones, tablets and computers, as well as in products from the jewelry, automotive, aerospace, medical equipment and many other product groups and industries.
 Central problem of conflict minerals?
In a resource-rich country without sufficient state control, armed groups create a financial basis for themselves by exporting raw materials.
Their systematic exploitation can lead to serious human rights violations, violations of international humanitarian law or the realization of international criminal law.
A major difficulty is obtaining the necessary information on conflict commodities in supply chains, components, and products to effectively prevent their trafficking.
 Comprehensive overview of conflict minerals due diligence
Economic benefits of software automation
Practical uses for reporting
DOWNLOAD WHITE PAPER
Comprehensive overview of Cobalt due diligence
Solution for automated reporting along the supply chain
Connection to Conflict Minerals Reporting
DOWNLOAD WHITE PAPER
Cobalt Due Diligence
What is Cobalt?
Cobalt was first used for heat-resistant paints and pigments, e.g. for painting porcelain and ceramics. Today, cobalt is used as an alloying component to increase the high-temperature strength of alloyed and high-alloy steels, as a binder phase in hard metals and diamond tools.
Cobalt steels are used, for example, for highly stressed components that have to withstand high temperatures, such as valve seat inserts in internal combustion engines. Cobalt-based superalloys have historically consumed most of the cobalt produced. The temperature stability of these alloys makes them suitable for gas turbine blades and aircraft engines.
Furthermore, cobalt is used in lithium-ion batteries, which are an essential component of electric cars, among other things. It can therefore be assumed that demand for cobalt will increase significantly in the coming years.
 Central problem of cobalt production?
As with many other ores, mining is partly carried out under precarious conditions. Several reports have raised concerns about the social and environmental impacts of cobalt mining, including child labor, modern slavery unsafe working conditions.
It is estimated that in Congo, where a good half of the world's cobalt is mined, around 20% of the cobalt is mined by hand.
Background Information
Legislative regulations - Relevance for Companies - The RMI Reporting Framework
Legislative regulations in the US

How do conflict minerals affect companies?



The RMI Reporting Framework
What are the 3TGs?



Is Cobalt reporting mandatory for companies?


Background Information on Conflict Minerals
Trusted by companies of any size, in every industry
ALLCHEMICALSELECTRONICSMANUFACTURINGAEROSPACEHEALTHCARE & MEDICAL DEVICESAUTOMOTIVE
Get in touch
Get in touch
Europe and Asia Pacific
contact@ipoint-systems.com
+49 7121 14489 777  
Get in touch
North America
contact@ipoint-systems.com
+1 734 355 7327  
Copyright © 2024
iPoint-systems gmbh · Ludwig-Erhard-Str. 58 · 72760 Reutlingen - Germany
T +49 7121 1448960 · F +49 7121 1448989 · contact@ipoint-systems.com
Legal Notice
Legal Terms
Data Protection
ISO 9001:2015
ISO/IEC 27001:2013