215-579-7310
Get A Quote
Parry Insurance
A family owned insurance business for five generations.
Decades of Devotion
No business lasts five generations without doing things the right way. Parry Insurance has evolved and adapted through the decades — and our clients have thrived.
We’re proud of our history because it represents strong partnerships with equally strong clients. We understand that our success depends on their success, and we’re fiercely loyal, protective and invested in their stories.
With our agency, you’ll enjoy honest collaboration, dedication to detail, a proactive approach to insurance and risk management and all the old-fashioned values that still matter today.
Oh, and don’t let our formal name fool you. In addition to sons, a Parry family daughter and a remarkable team of associates have also lent their expertise and know-how over the years to help us care for the community and every client we serve.
Want to get ready for the future and protect what matters? Partner with an agency with a proven past.
Protection For Any Scenario
We offer both property and casualty insurance, as well as personal insurance, so we can offer everything you need to secure your future, both at work and at home.
You name a risk, and we’re ready to advise the best course of action. We’ve partnered with many diverse industries — from banks and attorneys to volunteer fire organizations and nursing homes. With contractors, lumber yards and consultants to delis, caterers and florists. With families that are generations deep and single adults just getting started.
Whatever your needs, we’ll adapt the coverage and recommendations to provide a solution that works exclusively for you.
Our Reputation Is On The Line Because Our Name Is On The Door
We promise straightforward discussion and clear communication of what’s needed to protect you, your business and your livelihood.
We also pledge a thorough evaluation of your situation and a complete review of how each coverage option may impact your long-term financial goals.
Honest collaboration
Dedication to detail
Proactive approach
Old-fashioned values that still matter today
Our Products and Services
Personal & Specialty Lines:
Automobile
Homeowners
Flood
Umbrella
Commercial Lines:
Cyber Liability
Business Owners Packages
Automobile
Professional Liability
Financial Services:
Annuities
Disability
Life
Long-term Care
View All
“On behalf of the Parry family and the entire team at Parry Insurance, we welcome the opportunity to help your business or family protect everything you’ve worked so hard to build.
Client trust and satisfaction is our priority, so we hope to hear from you soon to schedule a no-obligation insurance review. Let’s make sure you have the best coverage at the right price to help you achieve all your goals.”
Ryan J. Parry
Treasurer
What Our Clients Have To Say



Denise Ramirez
OWNER AT NEWTOWN FLORAL COMPANY
“Yesterday I purchased a new car and I had a few questions for Ryan before the scheduled delivery and he was extremely helpful. I called again when the transaction took place to give him the details about the car. A new insurance card was delivered today! I didn’t even think the post office could work that quick! We have used the Parry Agency for several years now and we are DELIGHTED with their service and products.”







Bill Becker
A 6th GENERATION FAMILY TESTIMONIAL
Following Super Storm Sandy, Bill Becker was a second grader when he became an instant claim assistant in the field while his school was closed for the week and he was without power at home.
Independent Insurance Advice
Because we are an independent insurance agency and brokerage firm, our only allegiance is to our clients, not a distant corporate office that demands primary focus on stockholder returns.
Our independent status means you gain access to 10 different insurance companies:
Meet Our Team
William B. K. Parry Jr
PRESIDENT
Lisa Parry
VICE PRESIDENT
Ryan J. Parry
TREASURER
View All
Let's Connect
OUR MAIN OFFICE
Luxembourg Corporate Center
107 Corporate Drive East
Langhorne PA 19047-8005
PHONE NUMBERS
215-579-7310
215-579-7315 fax
EMAIL
info@parry-insurance.com
Contact Us For A No Obligation Insurance Review!
"*" indicates required fields
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Phone
Message*
CONTACT US
We are here to help.
CALL US
215-579-7310
215-579-7315 (fax)
EMAIL
info@parry-insurance.com
MAIN OFFICE ADDRESS
Luxembourg Corporate Center
107 Corporate Drive East
Langhorne PA 19047-8005
Find us on:
Facebook page opens in new window
X page opens in new window
Linkedin page opens in new window
EMAIL US
MANAGEMENT:
Blake Parry, CPCU, CIC
Lisa Parry
Ryan Parry, CIC
LICENSED AGENTS:
Kathleen DiEugenio, CISR
Anne Rozycki
Gail Wolfgang, CIC
ADMINISTRATIVE & BILLING:
Kimbra Stanfield
Danielle Kiernan
Deb Jennings
Trusted Choice — What’s this?
Home
About Us
Products/Services
Blog
Resources
Contact Us
Login
Make A Payment
© 2024 Parry Insurance. All rights reserved. Designed by Doodle Applications