Generative AI Agents That Act, Not Just Talk.
Supervity #AICoach Empowers Your Team To Deploy Safe & Accurate AI Agents In Days.
BOOK DEMO
Join the league of 250+ global teams.
Supervity AI Agents...
While Saving Operational Costs by upto 30% in 30 Days.
Customer Service AI Agent
ITSM AI Agent
Finance AI Agent
HR AI Agent
Custom AI Agent
Customer Service AI Agent
Launch the Customer Service AI Agent on portals, website and mobile apps, utilizing voice and chatbot automation to quickly resolve over 80% of customer queries, such as account balances and issue statuses. Streamline collections and reduce Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) with automated payment history follow-ups, enhancing your operational efficiency.
Book Demo
AI Agents Work Inside Your Apps
Leverage pre-built integrations to your enterprise applications and collaboration platforms. Access Your AI Agents within your apps/portals to access organizational knowledge, provide in-app support or automate routine work instantly.
Organise
AI-Connect Your Knowledge Management
AI Agents can swiftly organize and retrieve
critical information on your knowledge base using retrieval
augmented generation technique of Generative AI
Adopt
AI-Connect Your Apps
AI Agents can enable users for step-by-step walkthroughs,
right inside your favorite apps while answering queries on
your private knowledge base using Generative AI
Automate
AI-Connect Your Process Automation
AI Agents can perform routine tasks seamlessly
on any enterprise applications, while seamlessly working
with your teams in a workflow.
Use AI Coach to Configure AI Agents with No-Code Templates
Use the power of Show & Tell AI to create automation, enablement & knowledge
Collaborate with your team to create and share how-tos & automation as AI skills specific to your organization.
Supervity AI Agents -Enterprise Grade & Production Ready
AI Agents developed on the Supervity platform automatically inherit the platform's robust
security measures and compliance standards
Create/login
Into Supervity account
Install Chrome Extension
Choose the AI Agent
Automation, Knowledge, Adoption
Follow Us on Social
Blog & News
News
GPT-4 Harnesses Vulnerabilities With Ease By Simply Scanning Threat Advisories
The researchers tested their AI agent on 15 known vulnerabilities in open-source software, including bugs affecting websites, containers…
Blog
Citizen Automation: Maximizing Benefits for Everyday Information Workers
We've all heard of automation, but have you heard of Citizen Automation? Citizen Automation refers to everyday information workers who create automation solutions.
Product Documentation
Product Documentation
Explore through our knowledge base of articles and videos, where you'll discover step-by-step tutorials..
With Supervity (formerly Techforce.ai),end-users are working on enterprise applications independently, faster. The easy to automate approach has given a broader automation adoption in our operations while improving productivity by 40%.
Mohamed Ghalayini
EX-CFO, Citrus Health Network
Case Studies
Customer Success
Stories
With automation, the team could focus more on issues requiring extra attention while the AI Agent could manage routine queries expertly across voice, chat, and email.
Read More
CIO, Asset & Wealth Management Company
With Supervity, end-users are working on enterprise applications independently faster. The easy to automate approach has given a broader automation adoption in our operations while improving productivity by 40%.
Read More
Chief Information Officer - State of West Virginia, USA
As the Supervity AI Agents check the status of 100 percent of 835s and other payer payments, our RCM associates can focus their time on claims needing follow-up action. Supervity has significantly improved our cash acceleration.
Read More
CFO, Citrus Health Network
We have been able to simplify our process and remove most manual steps, notably in relation to posting invoices in SAP. With Supervity’s Document Approval functionality we have replaced a lot of emails going back and forth within the organization. But most importantly, we now have much better transparency and internal control of these processes.
Read More
Daikin
Getting Started is Easy
It's not just about getting things done,
It's about doing them smarter faster,
better. Get Started Now.
Follow Us
Supervity
Why use Supervity?
Super Star (Invite Only)
Company
About us
Blog
Podcast
Help & Contact
Contact
Product Documentation
Help & Support
Academy
©2024 Digitamize Inc Privacy Policy Copyright Notice Acceptable Use Policy Creater Policy
Top