Call Us Today! 
HOME
SELLING
BUYING
SHOW DATES
CONTACT US
Professional Buyer - Seller - Trader - Appraiser
Wargo Enterprises Rare Coins specializes in buying, selling and appraising coins, antiquities, tokens and other collectables.
Coins – We Buy, Sell & Trade U.S. & Foreign Coins & Currency
Collectables, Medals & Tokens – We Buy Tokens, Medals & Most Collectables, Specializing in Local Memorabilia
Mints & Commemorative Sets – Largest Buyer of U.S. Proof, Mint & Commemorative Sets in Northern California
Estate Jewelry & Antiques – We Buy All Types of Jewelry and Gemstones
Gold, Silver & Platinum – Buying All Precious Metals, Scraps, Broken Jewelry, Industrial Materials & More
Wargo Enterprises Rare Coins...
Wargo Enterprises Rare Coins is owned and operated by Joe Wargo and Sarah Wargo. Joe has been in the numismatic industry for over 30 years. Joe was also the owner and operator of Golden State Coin Galleries in San Jose and El Rastro coin shop in San Mateo, and he was associated with Numis International for 20 years. 
 Joe was also on KGO radio for several years as the “The Answer Man” on the Mike Krasny Show, hosting an on-the-air interactive question-and-answer program relating to coins and general collectables. Joe has also been a guest speaker on KCBS radio and KCSM. He has several fellowships in numismatics and is a Gemological Institute of America alumni member. Joe is also an accomplished gemstone grader and stone setter.
Our memberships include Certified Coin Exchange (# CH4), Coin Information Networks (# CI71), American Numismatic Association and many other numismatic societies. 
 Certified Coin Exchange Member # CH4
Coin Information Networks Member # CI71
PCGS
NGC
Gemological Institute of America Graduate
Fellowship in the Liberty Numismatic
 Joe still gives informational talks and forums on numismatics. He has numismatic expertise concerning periods from medieval times to the present, encompassing all areas of United States coins and foreign coins and currencies.
 Contact us today for a free appraisal and consultation. Since 1970, we’ve been showing our valued patrons the advantages of Wargo Enterprises Rare Coins, where experience and knowledge count!
 News
Wargo Enterprises Rare Coins is always changing its inventory. Please visit our other links to stay up-to-date on what we have and what shows we are attending.

Available by Appointment Only
 Call Us Today At ♦ (650) 697-7270
Contact Information
Wargo Enterprises
Rare Coins
Address
P.O. Box 390
Millbrae, CA 94030
Phone
650-697-7270
Cell: 650-245-4383
Email
jtwargo@pacbell.net
Get Directions
Share Tweet Share Mail
Wargo Enterprises Rare Coins
P.O. Box 390, Millbrae, CA 94030
650-697-7270
Cell: 650-245-4383
jtwargo@pacbell.net
HOME
SELLING
BUYING
SHOW DATES
CONTACT US
Content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. Downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy