This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Decline
Allow cookies
The Marketing Event for Event Marketers. April 25th.
Register
Try Now
Get more attendees.
Create sell-out events.
Global event marketers are creating engaging content, demanding more attention, and selling out their events — with Community Marketing from Gleanin.
Try now
Watch demo
See full overview of Gleanin, here.
The marketing secret behind the world’s biggest event brands.
How it works
Gleanin
The Community Marketing Platform
Powerful word-of-mouth tools to help you cut through a noisy digital world.
Don’t take our word for it...
The world’s biggest event brands are creating sell out events.
Read Customer Stories
“We were investing a lot of time creating content to promote our events. Gleanin has reduced this time significantly and helped us drive more net new registrations."
Jessica Ansell, Marketing Director, Informa Markets
000's
Digital Events
MORE
Net New Registrants
Social Integrations
Create multichannel campaigns.
Empower your event community to create and distribute content across leading social platforms. It’s all browser-based and GDPR-friendly. No need to log in or store data.
Get started
Smart Analytics
Enterprise-grade reporting.
Gleanin gives you the critical insights you need to make better marketing decisions and improve your ROI.
Intelligent reporting for marketers.
Full visibility over the campaigns you create with the Gleanin platform. Understand what’s working and what’s not working.
Get started
Answer the tough questions.
Which stakeholder is driving registrations? Which channel is the most lucrative? Uncover your most influential channels and stakeholders.
Get started
Improve your marketing ROI.
Make smarter marketing decisions for your events by uncovering insights about the communities of your stakeholders.
Get started
Community Marketing
Turn your event community into a competitive advantage.
We believe word-of-mouth is the most powerful marketing channel. Gleanin helps you utilise the trust of your event community so that you can cut through the noise and demand attention.
Product Overview
The Gleanin Platform
Built by event people.
For event people.
Ready for more attendees?
Create sell-out events with powerful word-of-mouth tools from Gleanin.
Try now
Simple Pricing Plans
Choose the plan that suits you. Pay monthly or annually. Digital, hybrid, face-to-face.
See plans
Address: Gleanin, Suite 189, 43 Bedford Street, London, WC2E 9HA, UK
Phone: +44 333 335 5079
VAT: GB112318363
Company Number: 07629794
Copyright © 2024 Gleanin
RESOURCES
Blog
Watch Demo
Case Studies
ACTIVATE
COMPANY
About Us
Contact
Privacy & Terms
Infosec Policy
Cookies
Modern Slavery
PRODUCTS
Overview
Pricing
Sign in
Free Trial