Email: sales@signcompeurope.com
Call: +44 (0)1403 272 704
Gallery
Products
About Us
Partners
Technical PDFs
Contact
1
2
3
4
SIGN MATERIAL SUPPLIERS
Offering Quality Sign Materials Throughout The UK
SignComp Europe has been successfully operating as a professional signage materials supplier for over 25 years. Starting all those years ago with our world-famous flex-box and flex-frame systems, we now distribute an array of different products throughout Europe. From our new EASITEX textile signage system that does not require any sewing to LED Illumination and even Vista Wayfinding solutions, rest assured we at SignComp Europe have you covered.
Aluminium Sign Systems
All of the sign systems we offer are designed and manufactured in the UK, Europe or America to the highest industry standards ensuring our customers receive the best quality products. Having specialised in aluminium sign systems and supplying the sign trade since the early 1990’s, we have earned a reputation for excellent customer service and quality products. Given this, you will see our products in use by big-name brands on retail parks, shopping centres and industrial estates all across Europe.
Specialists in Flex Face Signage
For over a quarter of a century, the SignComp® Tensioning Systems have been the world leader in Flex Face Signage. After its introduction into the UK all those years ago, it soon became the system of preference for most vinyl signage specifiers and at a time when global branding strategies was commonplace in the marketing world, the system inevitably became the premier flexible sign solution in mainland Europe. SignComp is now the world's market leader and the industry's benchmark.
From external flex-face signage to internal textile signage, LED illumination to Wayfinding solutions, we at SignComp are here for you. So, if your project is a national rollout scheme or as small as a single sign, then be sure to get in touch with us today - We are always happy to help.
Flex Box Systems
Flex Frame Systems
Textile Signage
Illumination
Wayfinding Signage
Rigid Face Systems
Irregular Signs
Pop Up Displays
POPULAR TECHNICAL PDFS
For you to download
Name
Type
Size
Econoflex Profiles and Components
PDF
147 KB
Econoflex 7000 and Vinyl sizes
PDF
126 KB
Econoflex 7000 Assembly Instructions
PDF
1.84 MB
Retro Frame & Covers
PDF
140 KB
Tension Tool 5135
PDF
108 KB
Tension Tool 5135
PDF
108 KB
MAILING LIST
Sign up for special offerings and information.
Submit
27 JUNE 2019
Like to save money? Then use EASITEX! Simply send us photos of your EASITEX projects to receive discounts on future orders - Easy as that! Contact us for more information. #signage #textilesignage #EASITEX #signs #textile
20 JUNE 2019
Textile signage has a new player in town with lower costs, lower lead-times and less hassle all whilst being more environmentally friendly - win win win win! Here is a simple but extremely effective project carried out by Signs Now UK Contact us to see how EASITEX can help your business fly! #signs #signage #textilesignage #textileprinting #textile
© 2024 SignComp Europe
Gallery
Products
About Us
Partners
Technical PDFs
Contact
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Follow Us:
website by mcmnet.co.uk