Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
1527 F St. Bakersfield, CA 93301
IT SOLUTIONS NEAR ME
IT Support Services for Small to Mid-size Businesses
Businesses lose thousands of dollars per month on inefficient tech systems and poor network management. We provide the solutions your business needs to stop bleeding cash.
Schedule an Assessment
Our Services
GAIN A TRUSTED IT ADVISOR 
Empower Your Team by Partnering with a Technology Services Provider
Has your sales team ever missed a call because all the phone lines were tied up, or your voicemail was full? Have you or your staff waited more than a few minutes for your computer to boot up in the morning? All those seemingly small incidents compound into one serious problem: they reduce your profitability. With our managed IT services and expert team of IT support technicians, you and your staff have access to a trusted advisor who will help keep your computer and network systems up to date Give us a call today for a custom-tailored quote for your business.
Serving Bakersfield Businesses since 2002
Industry Certified with Microsoft and other Partners
24 Hour Support w/ Guaranteed Response Times
Schedule an Assessment
OUR SERVICES
Outsourced IT Services Cost Less and Provide Better Results.
IT Support Services
Flat rate monthly IT services that help boost productivity and reduce staff down-time.
Read More
Cabling & Wiring
We are licensed and insured to install data and comms cabling in new or existing structures!
Read More
VOIP Phone Systems
Voice-Over-IP Phone solutions that provide reliability and modern features.
Read More
Security & Surveillance Camera Systems
Prevent unauthorized access and capture criminals in the act with our network security camera systems.
Read More
Smart Office Solutions
Reduce utility costs, track ingress and egress from a building and more. Call for more details!
Read More
=
And More...
The world of IT is endless. We can help in so many ways. View additional services and learn more here.
Read More
CONTACT US
Remote Tech And IT Support Services Available 24/7
Our certified computer technicians are standing by in case of emergency.
Schedule an Assessment
HOW IT WORKS
Working With Us Is Simple.
Schedule a Free Assessment
Choose a Monthly Plan
Enjoy Peace of Mind
Testimonials
Bill Breen
One of the most capable and service-oriented IT companies on the West Coast. If you have not met Anthony Tobin and his team for you are missing out. Extremely competent in various services from server installs and backup hosting to software troubleshooting to security system installs. I have personally used and referred ANS and had great service and feedback.
We Work With
Trusted and Recommended by Clients Across Bakersfield
Medical Offices & Skilled Nursing Facilities 
Legal Offices
Accountants
Agriculture and Oil 
Professional Services
And More… 
Contact Information
If you would like a quote or have a question, we are available on the following communication channels.

(661) 636-0290

info@advnetsol.com

1527 F St. Bakersfield, CA 93301
Send a Message
Full Name
Phone Number
Email Address
Message
Captcha
Send Message
License Number:  LIC# 990321
Advanced Network Solutions is a Managed IT Service Provider in Bakersfield, California and provides service to all 50 US States!
Advanced Network Solutions
4.6
Based on 11 reviews
review us on
Navigation
Home
About
Our Services
Contact Us
Our Services
IT Support Bakersfield
Cabling & Wiring
Phone Systems
Physical Security & Surveillance
Smart Office Solutions
Get in Touch
1527 F St.
Bakersfield, CA 93301
(661) 636-0290
Monday – Friday
8am – 5pm (PST)
Google Reviews
Advanced Network Solutions
4.6
Based on 11 reviews
review us on
© 2024 Advanced Network Solutions, LLC. All rights reserved. Site design by Enspyre Digital in Bakersfield CA | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Sitemap