Get peace of mind
with your technology.
Flexible, managed IT.
Start a ConversationFree System Checkup
eKeeper provides IT strategy and support so you can handle whatever comes your way.
Each day, your team is adapting to meet the needs of your customers. You should feel confident that your technology will be there to support your goals.
We get it.
Technology shouldn’t be a struggle.
Imagine a day when your technology perfectly aligns with your business needs, helping you adapt and grow, while leaving tech frustrations in the past.
Discover how eKeeper can revolutionize your business and prepare you for success. Our managed services help you plan and handle your technology so you focus on reaching your goals with less headaches and hiccups.
Better Plan
Create a collaborative plan that adapts to your technology needs.
Better Systems
Streamline your systems for better support and communication.
Better Results
Get more productivity, security, and peace of mind.
Experience unparalleled excellence with tech experts who have been vetted and trained to think like business owners.
Rather than looking for just a technical solution, our team finds business solutions that give you a competitive advantage and reach your goals. That’s the eKeeper difference.
We help you:
Streamline critical IT operations with ease
Protect valuable data and maintain compliance
Eliminate costly downtime for maximized productivity
Improve cybersecurity and protect against threats
Scale technology seamlessly alongside your business growth
Start a Conversation
Free System Checkup
Managed IT Services
Our talented experts help you keep pace with technology and elevate your systems.
IT Strategy & Leadership
24/7 Proactive Support
Flat-Rate Pricing
Cloud Solutions
Data Backup & Recovery
Cybersecurity
Automated Maintenance
Streamlined Workflows
They understand how libraries work.
The team at eKeeper does whatever it takes to support our public library. I feel like they’re actually on staff. They understand the E-Rate funding process and we feel well taken care of.
Lynn Hobbs
Director
Pendleton Public Library
We have deep expertise across nonprofit, healthcare, and commercial industries.
Frustrated with your current IT experience? Connect with one of our experts.
Start a Conversation
Free System Checkup
Our Partners
About eKeeper
At eKeeper, our mission is to provide peace of mind with your technology. We offer a flexible, managed IT partnership that adapts seamlessly to your evolving business needs, ensuring that technology never hinders your success.
Our Team ›
Careers ›
Philanthropy ›
Scholarship ›
Recent Posts
eKeeper Marks 20th Business Anniversary with Joint Ribbon Cutting2 Apr at 11:32 am
Mastering IT Infrastructure Optimization: A Guide for IT ManagersDecember 14, 2023
Contact
sales@ekeepersystems.com
866-eKeeper
Location
Physical Address:
7701 W Kilgore Ave
Suite 1B
Yorktown, IN 47396
Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 3294
Muncie, IN 47307
© eKeeper Systems, Inc. – All Rights Reserved
Customer Login
Join Our Team!
Order Toner