Skip to content
Product filter
Deutsch
Menu

Your partner for industrial
measuring and testing
technology
To the products




1
2
Measuring. Testing. Automation.
Your competent partner for measurement systems ranging from standard through to customised complete solutions!
Do you need to record measurement data? Monitor a process? Automate a test stand? Observe vibrations? Whether your requirements in measurement and testing technology are simple or complex, we have the matching product! To meet your measurement and testing needs Delphin Technology has universal measurement data acquisition devices, software and tailor-made engineering technology. We will be glad to advise you and work with you to develop a cutting-edge measurement and testing system!
Topic in focus
Vibration analysis - avoid unplanned downtimes
Vibration analysis is an important aspect of machine diagnostics and monitoring. It makes it possible to monitor the dynamic properties of machines and detect any damage at an early stage.
More information
Solutions
How can we support you with your application?
Universal data acquisition
More information
Test stands and automation
More information
Vibration measurement
More information
Process monitoring and fault analysis
More information
Decentralised data acquisition
More information
Industry solutions
More information
Highlight
Test Now:
ProfiSignal 20 Demo
download directly
Test the ProfiSignal 20 software free of charge as a demo version and discover how you can optimise your entire work process with just one software!
More information
Product diversity
Hardware and software for
your measurement and testing solution
Previous
ProfiMessage D
Expert Vibro
ProfiSignal 20
Loggito
Expert Logger
Next
ProfiMessage D
Modular measuring, monitoring and automation in one device.
The ProfiMessage D device is a state-of-the-art data logger system that has been specially developed for industrial data acquisition and analysis. It offers a wide range of functions such as the recording and storage of measurement data, monitoring of process parameters and alarms in the event of deviations.
To the product
Start now with the Delphin Data Center
More about DDC
Current webinars and events
In our webinars, you have the opportunity to obtain valuable information on all aspects of measurement data acquisition. Would you rather experience us live? Then visit us at one of our trade fairs.
all about automation
May 15 - 16, 2024
Heilbronn
To the trade fair
MEORGA special trade fair
June 05, 2024
Halle
To the trade fair
SENSOR+TEST
June 11 to 13, 2024
Nürnberg
To the trade fair
Decentralised data acquisition
June 20, 2024
Online
To the webinar
MEORGA special trade fair
September 18, 2024
Ludwigshafen
To the trade fair
MEORGA special trade fair
October 30, 2024
Bochum
To the trade fair
All webinars
All trade fairs
Blog for interesting facts
Measuring vibrations - air gap measurement for perfect concentricity
Air gap measurement offers a number of advantages that can raise the application in the field of "vibration measurement" to a new level.
More information
DAQ measurement data acquisition: Data acquisition with hardware and software
DAQ acquisition systems can be used in production, for example. The recorded data enables the optimization of production processes.
More information
Measurement technology networked without limits
Data that is digitized and evaluated centrally provides valuable insights into existing processes and brings competitive advantages.
More information
Do you have any questions or you want a product advice?
Call us at
+49 (0) 2204 97685-0
Send us an email to
info@delphin.de
Address
Delphin Technology AG
Lustheide 81
51427 Bergisch Gladbach
Contact
Phone +49 (0) 2204 97685-0
E-Mail info@delphin.de
Products
Solutions
InfoCenter
Company
© 2024 Delphin Technology AG
Cookie settings
Data protection
Imprint
Necessary cookies
Statistics
External media
Select all
Save
Cookie details Data protection Imprint