Our office is now closed however you can still

Book a new repair online here
Home
Washing Machine Repairs
Tumble Dryer Repairs
Dishwasher Repairs
Cooker Repairs
Fridge Freezer Repairs
Same Day or Next Day Appliance Repairs throughout Manchester and surrounding areas -
Click here to book online
Welcome to Appliance Care Manchester. We carry out same day / next day repairs to all household kitchen domestic appliances, including Washing Machines, Tumble Dryers, Dishwashers, Cookers, Ovens, Hobs, Fridges, Freezers and American Style Refrigeration right throughout Manchester and surrounding areas. If you need an appliance repairing quickly, give us a call and we can discuss the repair and get your same day / next day repair booked.
Refrigeration
Cooking Appliances
Dishwashers
Washing Machines
Tumble Dryers
Microwaves
Callout within 24 - 48Hrs
Arrive in the agreed timeslot
Fully explain the repair process
No Hidden Charges
Service with pride
Fully insured
Repairs Guaranteed
Professional Service
Click here to book a repair
Recent Feedback:
Catherine Harrison - 04/05/2024
Polite,kind and efficient. Will use again and recommend
Andrew Carter - 04/05/2024
Second time using this excellent company. Easy to book a service visit online and confirm details via text. Engineer arrived ahead of schedule. Quick discussion and investigation and the problem was identified and resolved within minutes. Additional checks performed to make sure the appliance was working as it should. Engineer advised how to avoid similar issues in future. Whole process was quick, efficient and friendly.
David Symonds - 03/05/2024
Hi, The repair went well. The electrician was on time and pleasant. It has saved me buying a replacement fridge, which is good for the planet and my bank balance!
Sue - 03/05/2024
Dillon, was very polite, He knew what he was doing and was business like, quick and efficient.
Stuart Paul Mail - 03/05/2024
Engineer knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. Arrived on time, identified the problem, and offered a cost-effective solution.
JOHN H - 03/05/2024
Engineer arrived on time as planned. Thoroughly investigated problem. Tidy worker and no mess left behind. Polite and a pleasure to have him in our home.
Covering Manchester and surrounding areas, including:
Blackburn
Burnley
Bury
Manchester
Oldham
Sale
Salford
Stockport
Tameside
Trafford
Warrington
Wigan
Domestic Appliance Repairs including:
Hotpoint Appliance Repair
Indesit Appliance Repair
Zanussi Appliance Repair
Beko Appliance Repair
LG Appliance Repair
Samsung Appliance Repair
Creda Appliance Repair
Bosch Appliance Repair
Neff Appliance Repair
Electrolux Appliance Repair
AEG Appliance Repair
Caple Appliance Repair
De-Dietrich Appliance Repair
Miele Appliance Repair
Ariston Appliance Repair
Rangemaster Appliance Repair
Candy Appliance Repair
Bosch Appliance Repair
Leisure Appliance Repair
Siemens Appliance Repair

Copyright © 2024 NAC (Domestic Appliances) Ltd Registered in England & Wales 07531907. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Notice | Cookie Policy | Cookie Settings