0
Established 42 years
Fast Turnaround
White Label Trade Printing
Sustainable Printing
Design, Print and Signage.
Family run print business in Somerset, since 1982
CONTACT US
Customer Reviews.
"“We recently created a new brochure and had a logo update with Carly Press. The whole process was easy and the communication was great! The brochures have a lovely finish and we are very pleased with our new logo! We also ordered some roll-up standing banners which look wonderful. So wonderful…"
Becki - Etherton Education
Trade Printing Service
Shhh! Not many people know this but we print and dispatch under plain label to hundreds of printers across the UK. Check out the Trade Printing page above for more information.
Carbon Captured Print
Please navigate to the carbon capture section found above in 'information' to find out about how you can offset your carbon footprint with this amazing scheme with no cost to you.
Carly Press was founded in 1982 and provides in house graphic design and printing. Since the company was started it has grown to be one of the most trusted and competitive printers in the UK. Carly Press occupies a 9,500 square feet office and print production facility on Chelston Business Park, Wellington, Somerset - Just off junction 26 of the M5.
Our goal is to offer our clients a superior service, combining quality printing practices and on-time deliveries at a competitive price. Commitment to our clients requirements, innovative thinking and meeting deadlines are all paramount to us.
CP has an in house team of designers, account managers, printers and finishers with a combined experience of over 480 years. What's more, the company celebrates its 40th birthday in 2022 and we've made it this far by continuously investing in our people and plant to ensure you can have everything you need from one print provider. We are always on hand, ready to help with your project, no matter how big or small it may be.
We're green too! Many companies in the print industry have been working tirelessly to reduce their impact on the environment and we are no different. Sustainability and environmental impact are at the top of our priority list. By only using certified FSC paper guarantees that the material has come from a well managed, sustainable forest. The paper can actually be traced back to the tree! Now that is an impressive chain of custody.
We are part of the Woodland Trust Carbon Capture Scheme and the Forest Carbon Scheme to offset our carbon footprint.
Carly Press has many ways to reduce waste, including a strict in-house quality control procedure along with our web to print offering. The W2P allows our clients to only order what they need, when they need it. No need to stock cupboards full of print that will go out of date and gather dust. 
We have minimised plastic usage where possible for all short term packaging and ensure we educate our clients with other materials which are cleaner for our environment. 
Want to know more? Get in touch - we love to talk about the great things we do here and how we can help our clients grow their businesses through the power of exceptional quality printed materials.
Products.
Contact Us.
Contact
Information
Services
Web2Print Login
Trade Printing
Office Hours.
Monday 9am - 5.30pm
Tuesday 9am - 5.30pm
Wednesday 9am - 5.30pm
Thursday 9am - 5.30pm
Friday 9am - 5.00pm
Unit 7C - 7D, Castle Road, Chelston Business Park, Wellington, Somerset, TA21 9JQ - Copyright © 2024 Carlypress All rights reserved. - Website by Silkstream