Call 773-927-9562
Home
About
Programs
Student Resources
Blog
Contact Us
HVAC TECHNICAL INSTITUTE IS APPLYING FOR REAFFIRMATION WITH THE COUNCIL ON OCCUPATIONAL EDUCATION (COE)
Make A Comment Here
Trade School Experience in Ventilation Training for IL
EXPERIENCE HANDS-ON HVAC CERTIFICATION IN
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS
HVAC Technical Institute is a minority-owned trade school located in Chicago, Illinois. It opened its doors in 1994 and graduated 35 students with one goal in mind: to equip men and women with the skills and tools they need to succeed in the HVAC workplace. To this day, HVAC Technical Institute continues to certify an average of 175 students each year and maintains an excellent reputation within the HVAC and electrical industries, as they provide Chicagoland with qualified service technicians. HVAC Technical Institute gives you the skills and certification you need to succeed. 
At HVAC Technical Institute, we are excited to help you enjoy an exciting new career in the world of HVAC. If you are located in the state of Illinois (IL), our trade school is ready to help you receive the necessary certifications that you need to join the workforce. We take pride in our HVAC certification and ventilation training services that can help you stay up to date on the latest trends in HVAC repair and maintenance.

And to top it off, financial aid is available for those who qualify. This benefit would give you access to the PELL Grant which could help you pay for tuition allowing you to concentrate on receiving your certifications right here in Chicago. No matter your current levels of HVAC repair knowledge, our instructors are ready to help you receive the experience and training you need to succeed in the world of HVAC repair.

So reach out to us today in Chicago, IL, and experience the difference that HVAC Technical Institute can offer you. To get started and learn more, be sure to visit our contact page today.
GAIN TECHNICAL SKILLS THROUGH HANDS-ON TRAINING
HVAC Technical Institute offers the most comprehensive HVAC certification program in Chicago, Illinois. Our facilities include 7,500 square feet of classroom area and 10,000 square feet of hands-on workshop area, both of which are vital to our training approach. We believe that learning goes beyond the classroom—we work by your side to help you apply your learning to practical, on-the-job situations.
COMPLETE THE HVAC CERTIFICATIONS YOU NEED
When you complete your HVAC/R certification courses you will receive an R-410A safety certification and an EPA section 608 universal license. These certifications allow you to put your skills to work and build a career as soon as you leave our doors.



OUR MISSION
HVAC Technical Institute believes in the principle of complete preparation. Not only do we provide the essential knowledge and skills but also the opportunity for personal and professional development. Our staff has a combined total of over 65 years, in all phases of the HVAC/R and Electrical industries, including sales, installation, estimating, training and managing. Those who emerge from our program have the tools for professional growth and the essential skills needed to advance and succeed in the HVAC/R and Electrical field. We understand the need for qualified technicians, as well as craftsman-like installers and are proud to play a part in improving the industry through our hands-on training programs.
JOB PLACEMENT
HVAC Technical Institute has job placement assistance that helps all students and graduates. Although we cannot guarantee employment, we will provide every student and graduate with complete job placement services. Some of these services include helping students determine their employment needs and assisting them in creating a resume, as well as providing opportunities for students to network with potential employers. We continue to develop relationships with key employers to help fulfill their hiring needs in the industry while enhancing our institution's reliability as a source for quality technicians.
2020-2021 Institutional Disclosures
AFFILIATIONS
HVAC Technical Institute is approved by the Division of Private Business and Vocational Schools of the Illinois Board of Higher Education and is accredited by the Commission of the Council on Occupational Education (COE) which is recognized as an accrediting body by the U.S. Department of Education. All accreditation, approval, or licensing information for HVAC Technical Institute can be provided at your request at your convenience by requesting so directly with the administration office.

HVAC Technical Institute is approved by the Illinois State Approving Agency for the enrollment of qualified veterans and/or eligible veterans to receive G.I. Bill educational benefits. GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government Web site at https://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill.
FOLLOW US ON
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: 773-927-9562
Address: 4532 S. Kolin Avenue (2nd Floor)
Chicago, IL 60632
BUSINESS HOURS
Mon - Wed
9:00 am - 6:30 pm
Thursday
9:00 am - 3:30 pm
Friday
9:00 am - 12:00 pm
Sat - Sun
Closed
HELPFUL INFO
Blog
Financial Aid
Consumer Information
Terms & Conditions
Content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. Downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Contact