Home
Who We Are
Hire Us
Join
Support Us
Parents
Happy Springtime
From The All American Boys Chorus
Spring is nature’s way of saying “let’s celebrate”
Countless Songs, One Voice.
The Voice of America and Its Future
The All-American Boys Chorus is founded on the belief that boys have the potential for greatness. It is remarkable to consider a child in this way but we know it to be true. With training and determination, a boy’s voice produces a unique sound of unparalleled beauty that has been used for over a thousand years to entertain, uplift, and inspire.

About Us
We’re America’s most beloved and internationally acclaimed contemporary boys choir
Mission.
The mission of the All-American Boys Chorus is to empower and give voice to boys from diverse backgrounds in order to build self-confidence, discipline, leadership skills, and achievement through the transformative power of music.
We Love What We Do!
The All-American Boys Chorus, America’s quintessential professional boys chorus, has delighted audiences worldwide for over fifty years. Based in Santa Ana, California, the Chorus is comprised of over 100 boys ages 8 – 15 drawn from throughout Southern California. Under the leadership of Artistic Director Wesley Martin, a veteran of Hungary’s renowned Kodaly Institute, the Chorus provides boys with comprehensive musical training and unsurpassed performance and touring opportunities.
Explore The World
Travel The World Before High School

It is remarkable to consider that only boys possess this extraordinary gift, but perhaps even more remarkable when one considers that they possess it only briefly. For a narrow window of time, a boy’s voice can be harnessed to uplift those who hear it and enhance the life of him who possesses it.
Join the Chorus!
We Are the Only Boys Choir in Southern California!
We began in 1970 as a small church choir in Anaheim and have grown into an internationally-touring, non-denominational chorus that fosters the creative and leadership development of over one hundred boys each year. Our choristers come from 26 cities throughout Southern California, from diverse cultural and religious backgrounds and economic status. While our programs require a small tuition payment, no child is turned away and scholarships are always provided when needed.
Thank You To Our Season Sponsors!
Subscribe
to Our Newsletter
I'm Interested
THE ALL-AMERICAN BOYS CHORUS (AABC) is a nonprofit, 501(c)(3) organization headquartered in Santa Ana, CA.
1801 E Edinger Ave, Ste 210,
Santa Ana, CA 92705
(714) 361-3920
info@taabc.org
Support Us
Join
Contact Us
Copyright © 2022 The All-American Boys Chorus. All Rights Reserved.