WORKCOMPANYPEOPLECONTACT
OAKHOUSE FILMS CINEMATOGRAPHY REEL
A collection of films, commercials, and television shows filmed from 2013-2019.

Director: Various 
Cinematography: Josh Kun 
PRESCHOOL POETS
Preschool Poets is a series of eight short animated films based on poems composed by four and five year olds. The films screened at over 50 film festivals, and were featured on Vimeo Staff Picks. The entire series can be found here. 

Director: Nancy Kangas and Josh Kun
Animators: Various
WAS THAT BOULDER ALWAYS THERE
Six pairs of Alabamians sit in the forest for an hour. Birds screech. Vines slowly strangle whatever trees they can get their tendrils on. Insects have constant sex. Or at least want it. In a place so alive, sometimes the thing to do is let yourself be quiet.

Director: Nancy Kangas and Josh Kun
Cinematographer: Josh Kun
THE CRY FILM
29 people were asked if they could cry on camera. Some did, some didn’t. Some said they couldn’t, and then did. This is an ode to the bricks in our foreheads, the faces we make before we cry, the girlfriend we neglected, the child we lost, and the raw stuff we let ourselves feel. Because you’re better off going in and feeling it, than staying on the outside.

Director: Nancy Kangas and Josh Kun
Cinematographer: Josh Kun
PLEBE RIDGE
Nancy and Josh climb a muddy hill located next to the Iztaccihuatl volcano, and attempt to figure out if everything's okay. Produced as part of a series of experimental “One Day Films”. 

Director: Nancy Kangas and Josh Kun
Cinematographer: Josh Kun and Nancy Kangas
Philemona Williamson: To Be Seen
For years, Philemona Williamson didn't talk much about her peculiar New York upbringing. In her paintings, she's finally ready to open up.

Director: Sam Vladimirsky 
Cinematographer: Josh Kun
Photographer: Will Shively
This short documentary follows the story of Willis Shively, a self-taught photographer who has become one of the most successful commercial fashion photographers in Columbus. Featured on PBS and the television show “Broad and High”. 

Director: Adrianne Stelzenmuller and Josh Kun
Cinematographer: Josh Kun
♥ Oakhouse Films, LLC
 