HOME
ABOUT
SERVICES
CONTACT US
LATEST NEWS
DIRECTIONS
EMPLOYMENT
Private Duty Care Services
Why In-Home Care is Important
Studies show that patients heal faster and are happier when the care they receive is done within the comfort of their own home.
      My Button
Find Care for a Loved One
    • Home Care Arrangements
• Home Consultation
  . Hourly Care
  . Overnight Care
  . Live-In Care
  . Alzheimer's Care
My Button
Come into Our Office
  Home Care Service™ provides quality, "in home" elder care services at affordable rates. Seniors can enjoy greater freedom in the comfort of their home, with the skill of a trusted, professional caregiver.
  My Button
Welcome to HYMAN'S HOMECARE AGENCY LLC!
HYMAN'S HOMECARE AGENCY, Llc  offers a wide range of services relating to health and wellness in ( Nassau County )  . Five Town .  Great Neck   .  Port Washington  .  Floral park  . Manhasset  . Old Westbury .  Garden City .  New Hyde Park   .  Roslyn  .  Glen Cove   .  Oyster Bay  . Syosset .    (  Suffolk County ) And ( Queens ) area.
        Superior Non- Medical In-Home Care, Hyman's Homecare Agency, Llc
  Join our mission of enhancing the lives of aging adults throughout our community. Hyman's Homecare Agency provides a variety of non-medical services that allow seniors to remain in their home and meet the challenges of aging with dignity, care and compassion.
 At Hyman's Homecare Agency, Llc as a great agency culture. 
We are a cutting edge, growing agency that is values driven. We are committed to providing "the best home care possible." We take excellent care of our patients, their families and our staff. We would love to have you join our agency.
                                                                                  Admission visit:
You will receive a call from a nurse letting you know that your physician has ordered home care services and that your nurse will be calling to set an appointment with you.  That first visit usually occurs within 48 hours of hospital discharge or referral from a clinic or nursing Home etc . When a nurse visits a patient for the first time he or she will provide the following service:
• Describe the services and secure written permission to provide home care
• Review your medications
• Assess for falls risk
• Perform a safety assessment
• Obtain your vital signs
• Assess your pain
• Discover what your health goals are
The nurse will then establish with you a plan for seeing you to help achieve your goals.  It may be to learn your wound care, understand your new medications, or teach injections.  Each patient is different and therefore each plan for care does vary.
The first visit usually takes over an hour.
We’re happy to work with patients of all ages. Whether you’re trying to keep a parent at home for a few more years or need some assistance for yourself after a surgery, we offer a wide range of services at competitive rates. We strive to meet your short- and long-term health care needs so that you can benefit from our:
•  Customized patient care plans
•  Carefully selected caregivers
•  Cost-effective care alternatives
  Hyman's Homecare Agency , LLC is commited to meeting the needs of our clients and their families. We believe every individual has the right to quality, professional and confidential health care. Our reputation is built on reliable service and word-of-mouth referrals 
  For more specific information about Our Agency Service's ,
Call us at : 516 520 0800 .
                                              only search SHCA
Contact
HYMAN'S HOMECARE AGENCY LLC
3601 Hempstead Tpke, Suite 203
Levittown, NY 11756
  Phone: 516-520-0800
Fax : 516-520-0400
After hours: 646-244-9744

email: Hymanshomecareagency@yahoo.com 

www.facebook.com/SeniorHomeCareAgencyLlc

or use our contact form.
Business Hours
hour's of operation Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Direct care staff are available to clients 24 hours per day , 7 days a week and 52 weeks to ensure client's needs are met.
Latest News
Special Promotion
Mention you saw us online to receive 10% off your first visit. 
Now Accepting Credit Card Payments & Long Term Care Insurance Policies.
  Notary Public
inquire within
Print | Sitemap
© HYMAN'S HOMECARE AGENCY, LLC
Login
Web View