TOJO AND NELLY'S CAT TALES
WELCOME TO
TOJO AND NELLY'S CAT TALES
Get To Know Tojo And Nelly
ABOUT
Welcome to the world of Tojo and Nelly’s Cat Tales, and thank you for visiting our website.
My name is Maria and I am the publisher of the Tojo and Nelly book series. Tojo and Nelly are my own real-life cats, and the inspiration behind all of the stories. Having raised two children of my own and now having grandchildren as well, I am no stranger to children’s tales, and creating enthralling stories to captivate young imaginations! All of the characters in the series are based upon my own cats and my family’s and friends’ pets, and it is certainly fair to say that animals provide a never-ending source of entertainment and inspiration!
My project partners in bringing Tojo and Nelly’s Cat Tales to life are Tamara Forge, the writer of the series, and Nana Burduli, a renowned artist and illustrator whose beautifully detailed pictures accompany the stories to really bring the tales to life. Recently our Armenian artist friend Sargis Xotikyan created the animation for the Tojo and Nelly Song as well as the animation for the first book. We have all very much enjoyed creating the stories, and we hope that you and your children will gain just as much enjoyment from reading it! Tojo and Nelly’s stories are tailored towards children, but cat lovers of all ages will enjoy following the adventures of our two feline muses and their Friends.
The first series of seven books is already available in Ebooks and Print Books – including the Bumper Books with 7 stories - and we are already at the planning stage to continue the animation of the stories, the first one you find already here and on our youtube channel. To find out about our upcoming plans and new releases, and keep up to date on Tojo and Nelly’s adventures you may follow us on Twitter, YouTube or Facebook or just return to our site, where you also find free colouring pages for your kids, rhymes, videos and updates. There is also a Tojo and Nelly memory game which you can download for Free Here Please take a while to look around the rest of the website, and enjoy your visit! Do pass it on to your friends if you think they would like it, too Thank you!

MY BOOKS
Tojo Meets Nelly (Book 1)
Tojo the cat has a lovely life, so why does he feel so lonely? Yet, when he finally gets a new companion - Nelly, he feels anything but lonely! This tale of change, rivalry… and finally friendship, will warm the hearts of those reading or being read to.

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
A Purrfect Reunion (Book 2)
A Purrfect Reunion Lucy is one of life’s ‘thinkers’, she loves to analyse everything and just can’t shake the feeling that someone is missing from her life. This story confronts the challenges of loss and reconciliation, in such a sweet and friendly way. Did Tojo mention he had a sister?

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
Wookie the Wonderer (Book 3)
Wookie the dog has an identity crisis. He feels he has the suave sensitivity of a cat, but yet he sure does like a good bone. Is it possible he could just be a dog that’s a bit cattish? Maybe he’s just a cat loving dog? Tojo and Nelly won’t care either way, when Wookie saves the day!

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
The Princess and the Pirate (Book 4)
Tommy and Lilly are the best of cat friends, they live together and go to parties together. They meet fellow fancy dressers Tojo and Nelly too. Friends this close love to dress up together don’t they? Until one day Tommy learns that keeping his best friend happy, may mean a trip out of his comfort zone!

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
Be Brave, Benson (Book 5)
Be Brave Benson Benson is one of those big, brave, stripy tom cats. Every neighbourhood has one, they like to be their own boss. There are a few phobias though, that even the bravest brutes can’t overcome. On this journey we see Benson conquering his deepest fears, with a little help from Nelly.

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
Klaus and the Cat-astrophe (Book 6)
Klaus is a guard dog by heart and he just loves to guard his master’s art studio. One thing he likes to make sure of is that no one goes near the new paintings! Tojo and Nelly just happened to be passing and curious, as cats are…

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
Old Madam Mischief (Book 7)
Madame Abigail is so elderly and frail, she seems to be struggling to do the simplest of things! It’s lucky for her that Tojo and Nelly step in, to help her have a most mischievous day. She seems to have the glint back in her eye and a wide furry smile to match.

Available on Amazon:
BUY NOW
Bumper Book of Tojo and Nelly's Cat Tales
7 Stories in one book (Book 1 -7)

Available on Amazon: (only on Paperback)
BUY NOW
FREE GAMES
Memory Game
A must have game for the entire family, based on the book series following the adventures of the two cats, Tojo and Nelly. Develop recognition and cognitive skills while having fun, discover all your favorite characters and compete for high scores with your friends and family.
Features:
* Amazing illustrations of your favorite pets
* Three difficulty levels to keep both kids and adults entertained
* Score tracking for competitive play
* Entertaining music and sound effects
* Free, without any advertisements (if you'd like to contribute, please buy our books)

DOWNLOAD NOW
Simple Cat Puzzle
It's a brain boosting game for kids.

DOWNLOAD NOW
TOJO & NELLY’S
NEIGHBOURHOOD
Tojo
Tojo loves life in his cosy cottage with his adopted little sister, Nelly. He likes to pretend he’s a fearsome tiger and gets them both into lots of mischief. Tojo dotes on his owner, Ben. He purrs and cuddles him like a soppy kitten, especially when no one’s watching. Tojo loves home-cooked salmon treats and sitting on the windowsill meowing loudly at the outside.
Nelly
Nelly looks up to Tojo to her older brother and he takes good care of her, even if he does get them both into trouble sometimes. Nelly loves a warm evening by the fire, squabbling with Tojo about who gets to sit on Ben’s lap. She likestoys, especially Tojo’s toys, and scratching Ben’s favourite chair.

Rocky
Rocky is a happy-go-lucky little pup. He loves balls even more than he loves bones and biscuits. Rocky is a bit accident prone, especially when it comes to stinging things like bees, he also likes to roll in muddy puddles and shake himself on any unsuspecting passerby.
Copper
Copper likes to know all the latest trends and pet gossip, so she can share it with he best pal, Wookie. She loves to stretch out on the posh kitchen table, shedding orange fur into the fruit bowl. She is straight talking, sassy and kind.
Lilly
Lilly was rescued by Mikey from the same shelter as Tommy, and she adores him. Lilly loves fancy-dress too, and when Tommy dresses as a pirate she goes as his parrot side-kick. She never fails to make Tommy laugh his whiskers off, and she keeps him feeling young.
Tommy
Tommy is a handsome old fellow who lives by the seaside with his best friend, Lilly. Tommy loves to tell young Lilly tales about the old days, and only having one eye, he loves to dress as a pirate! Owner, Mikey, rescued them from a local shelter and Tommy likes to thank Mikey regularly by brushing up against his smart black trousers.
Wookie
Wookie is a pampered pooch who lives in a trendy house in the suburbs. His best friend is a cat called Copper. Wookie spends so much time with Copper that he sometimes forgets he’s a dog. Wookie likes nothing better than to curl up with his owner, Kat, with the cat. Just like a cat, he purrs loudly and contentedly, which is odd… for a dog. He chases himself too.
Madame Abigail
Madame Abigail is an elderly Abyssinian who has a pedigree as long as her tail. She lives with her retired owners and she is more than just a little hard of hearing. Sometimes what she thinks she has heard makes for some hilarious conversations. She still has a mischievous twinkle in her eyes.

Benson
Benson likes to think of himself as the king of his farmhouse. He watches over the children, Zak and James, and is never short of cuddles, games and yummy treats. Like a brave lion, Benson prowls around in the fields, until it’s time to visit the vet… then he is nowhere to be seen!
Klaus
Klaus is a rough, tough security hound with a heart as soft as his fur. Klaus lives in a mountainside cabin with his owner Jimmy, who is a talented artist. Klaus loves long walks in the woods and chasing pesky cats away from his owner’s studio. Naughty Tojo and Nelly like to stroll there, just to keep Klaus on his toes.
Lucy
Lucy is Tojo’s sister and lives with her owner Jane (who just so happens to be Ben’s cousin). Lucy is a big thinker and likes nothing better than daydreaming in her pretty courtyard garden. She also loves sleeping on newspapers, especially if Jane is trying to read them.
Sage
Sage is an old, wise beast. He has seen his fair share of neighbourhood catfights, and once fought in the Royal Tabby Regiment! His ears are a bit ragged and his tail a little crooked, but he has a heart of gold. Sage likes to eat herrings and nap in a rocking chair on the porch.
FREE PRINTABLES
WELCOME TO OUR KIDS COLOURING PAGES SECTION!
Here you can download free printable colouring pages for you and the kids!
You can also scan and submit your children’s pictures and send us the coloured-in pictures.
We’ll happily publish them here at Tojo and Nelly’s kids colouring pages section.
Email us at tncattales@gmail.com to submit the photos or you can suggest more printable colouring pages for everyone to enjoy!
Download free printable colouring pages for your children:
CLICK HERE FOR LUCY
CLICK HERE FOR KLAUS
CLICK HERE FOR TOMMY
CLICK HERE FOR BENSON
CLICK HERE FOR WOOKIE
CLICK HERE FOR ABIGAIL
CLICK HERE FOR TOJO AND NELLY
CLICK HERE FOR A CHRISTMAS COLOURING PAGE
As a pre-school teacher I get through LOTS of stories during reading time. I always like to submit a quick review if there's a story that the kids are particularly fond of. The Tojo and Nelly cat Tales series is a big favourite and with the same characters often cropping up in various stories the kids all have a favourite.
This series of children's books is really great! I can read it to my youngest, who is just 4 and he has thoroughly enjoyed each story so far. He loves the colourful pictures and all the cute pets. My eldest is 7 and she can happily read them on her own (or to her younger brother). She loves the thought that in each adventure Tojo or Nelly will crop up somewhere to save the day! The characters are really loveable.
PENELOPE BROWN
Book Review
MY BLOG
LATEST BLOG
NOV
16
Old Lady McBraidy
Old Lady McBraidy has so many cats There’s one in her handbag and one in her hat There’s one in the laundry and one in the bath They slee...
View More
Tojo And Nelly'S Cat Tales 2
APR
30
Kitty’S Grown Old
My kitty loved leaping on anything high, Like lightning, all through the house, she would fly. She’d climb all the curtains, using he...
View More
Tojo And Nelly'S Cat Tales 0
MÄR
27
Tojo And Nelly Cat Tales Song - With Lyrics
View More
MEPROD 0
CONTACT ME
CONTACT WITH ME
SEND MESSAGE
Visitors
137043
Contributors
AUTHOR

ANIMATOR

ILLUSTRATOR

Pages
PRIVACY POLICY

TERMS OF SERVICE

Copyright © 2013 Tojo and Nelly's Cat Tales - All rights reserved
Acest site folosește cookie-uri de la Google pentru livrarea serviciilor și analizarea traficului. Adresa dvs. IP și programul user agent sunt trimise către Google împreună cu valorile privind performanța și securitatea pentru asigurarea calității serviciului, generarea statisticilor de utilizare, detectarea și remedierea abuzurilor.AFLAȚI MAI MULTEAM ÎNȚELES