8500 SW 92ND ST SUITE 203 MIAMI, FL 33156
Get Directions and Check Traffic
Schedule Online
Call Today! (305) 271-5321
Hablamos Español
Aesthetic Smiles
Gentle Dentistry & Personalized Care
Our private dental office can give you and your family the personalized experience you deserve!
High Quality Dentistry
We hold ourselves to the highest technical standards so we can deliver dentistry that improves patients' lives from the biological and esthetic point of view
Customer Service
We host our patients in our office so they feel treated and valued as a person not a number.
Committed to Success
We understand and acknowledge that in order to be effective we focus on the completion of our individual tasks first, and other team duties second.
Learn More About Our Practice
We Care About our Team’s Wellbeing
We Produce High Quality Dentistry
Meet Dr. Maribel Lopez
“Dentistry is my passion. It allows me to help other people while fulfilling the artistic aspect of my personality. Making a difference in people’s lives by giving them ideal oral health and beautiful smiles is very fulfilling; I see on a daily basis that a small change in a smile can make a big difference in regards to a person’s self-confidence and appearance.”
Behind every successful dentist is an exceptional team, and at TrueSmiles, it's no different. Dr. López doesn't work alone – she leads a dedicated and skilled team committed to your dental care. Get to know the professionals who make every visit to our practice an outstanding experience, combining expertise, passion, and personalized care.
Learn More About the Dr and her Team
Our Top Services
At TrueSmiles, we offer a range of advanced dental services, blending quality patient care with modern technology. Our skilled team, covering specialties from cosmetic to emergency dentistry, is committed to ensuring both immediate treatment and long-term oral health for our patients.
Explore All Our Services
Jessika Gamez
Patient Testimonial
“True Smile Miami transformed my dental experience completely. The personalized care and transparent communication made me feel informed and confident throughout my treatment. The professionalism and genuine concern for my well-being set them apart. True to their name, they delivered a true smile that I'm proud to wear every day.”
Browse Our Smile Gallery
Explore other transformations in our Smile Gallery
We accept:
Read More
Plan Your Visit
It is easy to make an appointment for your initial examination or dental treatment. Call 305-271-5321 to speak with a staff member or request an appointment through our website.

For your convenience, you can now download the New Patient Forms by clicking below:
New Patient Forms
Early Screening Consent
Photo Release
© 2024 TRUESMILES. All rights reserved - Privacy Policy -  Web Design, Digital Marketing & SEO By Pain-Free Dental Marketing