Skip to main content
User account menu
Join Us
Log In
Get in Touch
CIOB Home
Leading the cultural shift
For 190 Years
Celebrating 190 years of global influence
Construction history was made in 1834 when a group of Master Builders came together in London to create The Builders’ Society. Fast-forward to today, our name may have changed, but our commitment to uphold professional standards, drive innovation and support the industry’s people remains as strong.
We’re now joined by 48,000 members across 100 countries dedicated to leading a cultural shift in the built environment. This celebration not only reflects on the heritage of our remarkable creators, but also looks forward to those influencing a brighter future.
About us
We have a Royal Charter to promote the science and practice of building and construction for the benefit of society, and we’ve been doing that since 1834. Our members work worldwide in the development, conservation and improvement of the built environment.
Find out more about us
Our Events
Every year the CIOB organises hundreds of CPD and networking events, award ceremonies and competitions across the globe.
Browse all events
Supporting Our Members
We’re all united in a passion for our industry, but we’re also passionate about the people who make up this community. This is why through CIOB Assist we offer support on everything from financial concerns to mental health issues and training help.
Learn about CIOB Assist
Professional Development
Like most professional bodies, we believe it’s essential for members to keep up to date with the latest developments and knowledge in their field – it’s called Continuing Professional Development. Visit our CIOB Academy to view a range of our courses and other resources to meet your development needs.
Find Courses
Find CPD Resources
Technical Publications
Steppingstones
Find out more about CIOB
Tomorrow's Leaders
The Tomorrow's Leaders community is designed to support all CIOB members who would like to untap their leadership potential and encourage others. Those who choose to join gain access to tailored learning and opportunity to build a supportive network.
Find out more
21st Century Construction Podcast
The home of great construction stories. We go behind the headlines to meet the people who envision, create and manage the built world. Brought to you by the Chartered Institute of Building.
Find out more
Equality, Diversity & Inclusion (EDI)
The CIOB is committed to promoting Equality, Diversity and Inclusion in the sector.
Find out more
Policy and Research
As a professional body that represents the leaders and managers who work at every stage of the lifecycle of a construction project, we seek to influence government, industry and other stakeholders around the world with the aim of promoting the construction management discipline and addressing the challenges that the sector faces.
Find out more
Our News
FEATURED NEWS
Homeowners fear cost-of-living crisis will derail home improvement plans
CIOB issues its top tips for success
MAY 1, 2024
Find out more
NEWS
Universitas Indonesia win global challenge for second year running
A team of construction students brought the CIOB's coveted Global Student Challenge trophy back to Universitas Indonesia for the second year on the spin.
April 25, 2024
Find out more
NEWS
CIOB announces new trustees
Four new trustees will begin serving from the close of the AGM on 25 June 2024.
April 26, 2024
Find out more
NEWS
CIOB achieves gold with Investors in People
CIOB is proud to announce it has achieved We Invest in People gold accreditation
April 24, 2024
Find out more
All News
Download our app
Industry news, networking, training and more for our construction management community.
What we do
CIOB Websites
Privacy & Policies
Contact
Digital Accessibility Centre
AA Certified
Cyber Essentials
Certified Plus
The Chartered Institute of Building 3 Arlington Square, Downshire Way, Bracknell, RG12 1WA, UK | tel: +44 (0) 1344 630700 | Registered Charity No. (England and Wales) 280795 (Scotland) SC041725 | Registered VAT No. 492 0644 43
Like the CIOB Facebook page
Visit the CIOB LinkedIn page
Follow the CIOB Twitter page
Visit the CIOB YouTube page
View the CIOB Instagram page
Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
Find out more
No, I decline
Yes, I agree