MENU
TAILORED CYBERSECURITY SOLUTIONS
Security Is For Everyone
Soteria is a client-focused organization providing expert advisory, consulting, and tailored solutions to assist in preventing and responding to security incidents.
EXPLORE MORE
SOLUTIONS
Check Out Our Solutions & Advisory Services
Our team of industry professionals defending businesses against cyber crime 24/7/365. We scale your security team by delivering tailored solutions and strategic advisory services.
SOTERIA DEFENSE
Cybersecurity Expertise & Operational Leverage
Soteria Defense solutions enable you to access our team's deep expertise in security operations, extending your security team's capabilities. We filter out the noise to deliver what you need, when you need it.
EXPLORE MORE
SOTERIA DEFENSE
Soteria Defense MDR
Proactively guard against endpoint and application threats, so you can focus on what matters most -- growing your business. Soteria Defense Managed Detection Response packages are designed to meet an organization's security needs in alignment with its size and IT infrastructure.
EXPLORE SOLUTION
SOTERIA DEFENSE
Domain Monitoring Made Simple
Threat actors can impersonate and tarnish your brand by registering domain names similar to those used by your business, to launch phishing attacks and scams. Soteria Defense Domain Watch guards your firm's brand from being manipulated by cyber criminals.
EXPLORE SOLUTION
SOTERIA INSPECT
Comprehensive Microsoft 365 Risk Management
With over 200 points of inspection, Soteria Inspect aids organizations in identifying areas of risk and misconfigurations with the ability to track mitigations and identify changes over time. Soteria Inspect gives organizations confidence their Microsoft 365 environment is securely configured
EXPLORE SOLUTION
Offensive Security Services
Incident Response
Security Assessments & Advisory
Policies & Training
WHO WE ARE
Get To Know Soteria
Established in 2014 and based in Charleston, South Carolina, Soteria's expertise in the cybersecurity domain is predicated upon the accumulated practical experience across all team members. Soteria's security professionals have held leading positions in private industries, state governments, and federal intelligence communities.
Driven by this combined pool of knowledge as well as the belief that “Security is for Everyone,” Soteria offers advisory services and solutions which are significantly differentiated from the security status quo. Soteria treats each client as a unique case deserving of individualized security insights and specialized hands-on assistance.
JOIN OUR GROWING TEAM
WHAT WE DO
Excellence In Delivery & Communication
Soteria's team of experts has vast experience attacking, exploiting, securing, and defending against a broad spectrum of threats and malicious actors, from non- targeted “spray and pray” attacks to ultra-sophisticated state-sponsored hackers.
Soteria draws upon the deep knowledge across many industries of its security experts to provide recommendations to its clients that create more efficient workflows. The Soteria team provides security-specific communications as effectively to the C-suite as to the IT and security personnel, providing easy to understand perspectives at a strategic level as well as deep and detailed recommendations for those who will implement changes in security and technology.
LEARN ABOUT US
SCHEDULE A MEETING
Interested In Engaging With
Soteria's Team Of Experts?
We tailor our solutions to the security needs of the organizations with whom we work. Know you need help, but not sure where to start? Let's schedule a call to discuss. Fill out our brief form below and we will reach out shortly!
SCHEDULE
Providing expert advisory, consulting, and tailored solutions to assist in preventing and responding to security incidents.
Site Links
Home
Solutions
Advisory Services
Why Soteria
Resources
Careers
Contact Information
Charleston, SC
info@soteria.io
Social Links
Linkedin
Twitter
SCHEDULE A CALL
REPORT AN INCIDENT
STAY IN TOUCH
Subscribe To Our Blog Feed
Copyright © 2014 - 2024 Soteria LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy