This site uses cookies
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
For more detailed information, please check our privacy policy
(Opens in a new window)
Accept AllReject All
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Analytics Cookie
To track users on our website, the Matomo Tracking code in JavaScript uses 1st party cookies, which are set on the domain of this website.
Analytics Cookie
On
Off
Breaking
the hydrogen barrier.
Why hydrogen is the best solution to decarbonize aviation
Zero-emissions using green hydrogen
Inherently safer than kerosene and synfuels
Economically viable
Low-noise profile
Enables new regional air mobility connections through increased range
Our vision
We unlock the era of sustainable air travel by developing the first qualified commercial hydrogen-electric powertrain system for aviation. In over a decade of researching, refining, and testing, we have developed a radically new, zero-emission solution: Hydrogen is converted into electricity in our fuel cell system to power our demonstrator aircraft HY4, proving that zero-emission aviation is within reach.
read more
Newsroom
Go to newsroom
16. 11. 2023
H2FLY and Japan Airlines Partner to Bring Sustainable Hydrogen Aviation to Japan
H2FLY, Japan Airlines and JAL Engineering have signed an agreement to explore the feasibility of using H2FLY’s hydrogen electric power units as a power source for Japan Airlines flights.
News Coverage
Aviation International News
Turning Dreams into Reality
DIE ZEIT
Bitte anschnallen!
Cryogenic Society of America, Inc.
H2FLY Pioneers Emissions-Free Flight with Successful Liquid-Hydrogen-Powered Aircraft
H2FLY GmbH
Augsburger Straße 293
70327 Stuttgart
Get in touch with us
Vision
Company
Careers
Newsroom
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings