gtag('config', 'UA-38193964-2');
Contact us: (415)-999-2954
#1 San Francisco Appliance Repair – All Make Appliance Repair
Licensed & Insured Technicians | Same Day Service | Affordable Appliance Repair | OEM Parts
Your one stop shop for all appliance repairs needs  in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Our skilled, certified technicians are experts in all brands and models – Admiral, Amana, Asko, Bosch, Caloric, Capital, Chambers, Dacor, Electrolux, Estete, Frigidaire, GE, Gaggenau, Jenn-Air,  Kenmore, Kitchen Aid, LG, Magic Chef, Maytag, Miele Viking, Roper,  Samsung, Sears,  Speed Queen, Sub-Zero, Tappan, Thermador,  Westinghouse, Whirlpool,  Viking,  Zephyr and more
Which of your appliances are on the Fritz?
Refrigerator Repair
Our modern lifestyles are essentially all made possible by refrigerators that protect our food and beverages from going bad, so having this important machine break down is a real burden. Our skilled team will have your fridge back up and running in no time.
Read More
Dishwasher Repair
Keeping your dishwasher in good working order can save you hours of your life each week, and literally takes the stress off your shoulders at the end of each day. If your dishwasher stops functioning properly, you can trust us to fix it fast.
Read More
Oven Repair
Give us a call if you feel that your oven doesn’t work properly. We don’t recommend you fix it yourself, as it may be dangerous or you could make the problem more severe. Our professional team of oven repair technicians can do the job safely and quickly.
Read More
Washer Repair
Almost everybody these days relies on washers to do their laundry and keep their clothes clean, and no one wants to go back to doing all laundry by hand. Our expert team knows how to fix all types of problems for every brand of washing machines.
Read More
Range Repair
Keeping your range or cooktop in working order is important to making sure your household stays fed and cared for. If you experience a problem with your range, it’s important to get it repaired to prevent bigger malfunctions from occurring.
Read More
Dryer Repair
No one wants to open their dryer door and discover their clothes are still moist or even worse – soggy. Repairing dryers requires special tools, and having the right parts and elements on hand can help speed up the repair process dramatically.
Read More
Our Services
Customer reviews
All Reviews are from verified customers of All Make Appliance Repair.
Emailed them the problem and got a quick reply with an appointment. Technician came with the part based on my description of the problem. Same day repair at a very reasonable price. You won't find a thing to complain about. Thank you All Make Appliance
Peter K
Recommended! Was very pleased with the repairs made to washer and dryer .Very fast, professional, courteous and reasonably priced. Will call in the future and will recommend to family and friends . Thank you! Kudos to the man for being polite, extremely efficient, knowledgeable and informative about the work he was doing for me.
K E., San Francisco, Yelp
For Quality Reliable Service & Repair of your appliances call (415)999-2954
Contact Address
Lake Merced Hill
San Francisco, CA 94132
415-999-2954
E-mail: service@allmakeappliancerepair.com
Recent Posts
Electrolux & GE
PG&E Offers Free Gas Appliance Checks to Keep Customers Safe and Warm this Winter
Electrolux May Swallow Bitter Pill to Get GE Appliance Deal
May 2024
M T W T F S S
  1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 18 19
20 21 22 23 24 25 26
27 28 29 30 31  
« Apr    
©Copyright ®2015 All Make Appliances Repair- Service of all major household appliances including dishwashers, washers, dryers, refrigerators, freezers, cooktops, ovens, ranges, stoves and more.