Home
Bespoke events
Weddings
Fixed sites
Contact us
Blog
read
our
story
our
journey
so far
OUR STORY
It’s fair to say it all started in the kitchen. 
Cooks & Partners began with Simon Goggin’s determination to regain control over the ingredients that he was working with.
After 19 years working as an Executive Chef for a big London caterer, Simon decided to go it alone and break free from the supply chain. This was largely due to the constraints that often meant gross profit came before taste.
Simon, still at the helm of the business, places his obsession with produce centrally at the heart of the company’s ethos.
The team today still comprises of all the key players that joined Simon’s side back in 1997. The close knit team enjoys the benefits of being a small business fuelled by the adrenalin of some mammoth events grown out of client relationships that have been with us for just as long.
Although we are ambitious we are devoted to growing at a steady pace, consolidating at every stage.
We are London's most personal caterers' ready for your next:
Drinks reception
Gala dinner
Private dinner
Conference
Board meeting
Wedding
Private party
our
food philosophy
OUR
ingredient
STORY
We are truly a bespoke events caterer and contract catering partners. It's not just a strap line with us, its our way of life.  Privately owned we our proud of our boutique business roots. 
Central to our growth is our devotion to ingredients.  Sustainability is central to Cooks & Partners food purchasing policy. We have been using seasonal and artisan produce since we started the business.  We use small companies who understand food, who aim to use local and seasonal produce and who will give us first-rate customer service. 
  When searching for new producers, we try to find people who have the same or similar ideas to us.  For example, our butcher’s buy almost exclusively UK reared meat and have clear policies on animal welfare, traceability and are EFSIS accredited.  
This is the ethos we follow everyday.
OUR managment TEAM
click to read
their stories
Simon Goggin
Business Owner
Angela Slater
Group Executive Chef
Chris Wayland
Group Operations
Stefanie Scowen
Contracts
Manager
Ade Philips
General Manager, Holland Park
Ryan Lister
Head of Events
Almir Da Silva
Events
Head Chef
praise for
our team
1 / 5
Subscribe to our mailing list
Find out more about how we safeguard your personal information
Unit 21 The Talina Centre, Bagleys Lane, London SW6 2BW
 |  enquiries@cooksandpartners.co.uk |  Tel. 020 7731 5282
© 2018 Cooks & Partners Limited. Proudly created with Wix.com