___
Enable accessibility
Choose a country or area to see content specific to your location Romania
Contact Us
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
LEARN
BUY
SUPPORT
EDA Software
Design Data and IP Management
Industry-leading design data, intellectual property (IP), and engineering lifecycle management solutions.
Try Keysight Design Data Management (SOS)
Try Keysight IP Management (HUB)
EDA
Circuit Design
Physical Design
System Design
Device Modeling

IP Management
Streamline Design Data, IP, and Engineering Lifecycle Management
An explosion in semiconductor design data and silicon intellectual property (IP) reuse is prompting semiconductor companies to optimize engineering lifecycle management . Analog, mixed-signal, radio frequency (RF), and digital designers must work on unified platforms for better scalability, security, and reliability.
Keysight's Design Data and IP Management platforms deftly maneuver the complex requirements of today's semiconductor design flows. Keysight Design Data Management (SOS) provides a sophisticated multi-site development environment that enables global teams to efficiently collaborate and manage design data from concept to tapeout. Keysight IP Management (HUB) empowers enterprises to catalog, reuse, publish, and track all internal and third-party silicon IPs securely throughout the engineering lifecycle.
Demo Keysight SOS
Demo Keysight HUB
Cliosoft Is Now Part of Keysight Technologies
With rich experience and expertise in managing semiconductor design data, including functional silicon IP blocks used in integrated circuits (ICs), Cliosoft, now part of Keysight Technologies, offers industry-leading revision control, and data and IP management solutions for electronic design automation (EDA) platforms.
Alongside the Cliosoft portfolio, Keysight enables customers to model, prototype, and assess multi-domain networks and applications through software simulation, minimizing risks during development and reducing time to market.
Read more about Cliosoft becoming part of Keysight.
Keysight Design Data Management (SOS)
Scale efficient and collaborative design data management across sites and projects.
Scalability: Optimize network storage and flexible design data management that scale to growing analog, mixed-signal, RF, and digital design needs.
Team productivity: Boost productivity on a multi-site design at speed and scale with an architecture specially built for design team collaboration.
Visual design reporting: Integrate Keysight Visual Design Diff (VDD) with Keysight Design Data Management (SOS) to generate instant reports, enhance design traceability, streamline collaboration between engineers, and visually compare differences between two versions of a design. Learn more about Keysight VDD.
  Try SOS for Free
Learn More
Play Video
Play Video
Keysight IP Management (HUB)
Manage, trace, and reuse silicon IP across enterprise on this ISO 26262-certified IP management platform.
IP reuse: Locate, reuse, catalog, and publish IP and designs across multiple sites and teams.
Dependency tracking: Track IP and design dependencies automatically by either bill of materials or consumers.
Management insight: Get real-time oversight and insights with efficient workflows and reporting.
  Try HUB for Free
Learn More
Connect Keysight Design Data Management (SOS) to Existing Workflows
Easily integrate Keysight Design Data Management (SOS) with the software your design team is already using. With native integration and an intuitive interface, Keysight SOS enables design teams to streamline schematic and layout management, enhance design traceability, and boost design productivity — without modifying their existing design methodology.
Supported integrations include:
Cadence Virtuoso Studio
Empyrean Aether
MathWorks MATLAB
Siemens EDA (Pyxis)
Siemens EDA (Tanner)
PathWave Advanced Design System (ADS)
Silvaco Expert
Silvaco Gateway
Synopsys Custom Compiler
Synopsys OptoCompiler
Synopsys Laker
Visual Design Diff (VDD)
Want to get started?
Try SOS for Free
Request an SOS Demo
Try HUB for Free
Request a HUB Demo
EXPLORE
Products + Services
Solutions
Industries
Events
Learn
Used Equipment
INSIGHTS
Discover Insights
Success Stories
Resources
Blog
Community
PARTNERS
SUPPORT
Product Support
Manage Software Licenses
Product Order Status
Parts
ABOUT KEYSIGHT
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Quality and Security
Corporate Social Responsibility
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Careers
© Keysight Technologies 2000–2024 Privacy Sitemap Terms Trademark Acknowledgements Feedback Accessibility
United States