020 8530-8443Monday to Friday 10.30am to 4.30pm
Menu mobile






LONDON GHOST WALKS
FRIGHTFULLY GOOD TOURS OF HAUNTED LONDON


GUIDED BY THE CITY'S MASTER OF THE MACABRE - RICHARD JONES
LONDON'S LONGEST ESTABLISHED GHOST WALKS GUIDE

Every Night At 7pm
The Jack The Ripper Walk Every Saturday At 7pm
The Haunted London Tour
VISIT LONDON'S ACTIVE PARANORMAL LOCATIONS
If you want to encounter the darker recesses of haunted London, then be sure to join the only Ghost Walks to be led by Richard Jones - an internationally renowned authority on the ghosts of London who has written 22 books on the supernatural and who has been conducting walks around the Capital's most haunted places since 1982.
In Richard's company you will visit more of London's paranormally active locations and get to hear the most up to date and recent ghost stories drawn from Richard's extensive files on the Capital's paranormal happenings.
In fact, with Richard as your guide you are guaranteed a fascinating journey through the streets, graveyards and alleyways of old London, where a legion of lost souls have been just dying to make your acquaintance.
And, since Richard is widely regarded as London's premier expert on all things spooky and spectral, he is able to take you to places that other ghost walks never visit, places where those who have joined him on his haunted London tours have frequently encountered possible supernatural activity.
As London's Evening Standard put it:-
"...[ghost tours] of London are now a crowded market, but Richard Jones keeps ahead of the pack with impeccable research, and having honed his performance on more than 5,000 guided tours..."
LONDON'S LONGEST ESTABLISHED GHOST WALK GUIDE
Richard has been devising and conducting haunted tours since 1982, giving him the distinction of being the Capital's longest established ghost walk guide.
This track record means that, when you join him for a tour, you are being taken round by a guide who has both the knowledge and the experience to provide you with a quality tour.
However, Richard is not one of those dry-as-dust type of guides who drones on in a dull monotone about dry dates and dusty facts; his tours are dramatic performances that are as entertaining as they are enlightening and his dramatic style of presentation will breathe life into the history that surrounds you.
As The Orange County Register put it:-
"Richard Jones, a delightfully animated guide, takes his captivated audience past some parts of London it is a sure bet they would never see otherwise. It's hard not to shiver a few times, but it certainly adds an eerie, realistic air to the adventure..."
YOU'LL VISIT HAUNTED AND CREEPY LOCATIONS
Richard is up to date on all the most recent paranormal happenings in London and he knows the places to take you to where ghosts are seen and supernatural activity is experienced.
In these time-frozen places you will rub shoulders (so to speak) with the ghosts of Kings and Queens; the noble and the ignoble; the famous and the long forgotten.
The lost souls who have been biding their time throughout the daylight hours, just waiting for the moment when the shadows descend and every footstep echoes eerily through the darkness.
Then, and only then, can these restless revenants venture by moonlight into the courtyards and passageways of their city - the City of the Dead.
Are you fearless enough to follow in their footsteps?
Dare you walk the shadows to absorb the ambience of their night time haunts?
Do you have the resolve to listen to their stories in the darkness of this haunted hinterland?
A SPOOKY MIX OF THRILLS AND CHILLS
In the course of these ghost walks you'll enjoy a delightfully entertaining mix of thrills, chills, fun and fear as you make your way through atmospheric old  byways where you will find yourself looking nervously over your shoulder, ever wary of who, or what, might be waiting around the next corner or lurking just a few graves along.
And, because the locations you visit are genuine haunted hotspots, you might even be fortunate enough (or some might say unfortunate enough) to acquire evidence of their existence.
Indeed, you might even take away your very own souvenir of a paranormal encounter. It has been known to happen on Richard's London ghost walks.
DON'T JOIN A GUIDE WHO'S READ A BOOK
JOIN THE GUIDE THAT WROTE THE BOOK
When you take a London ghost walk with Richard Jones you are not joining a guide who has simply read a few ghost stories in a book.
With Richard's tours you are locating the source, the man who wrote the best-selling and definitive guides to the capital's sinister and supernatural history Walking Haunted London, Jack the Ripper - The Casebook, Haunted London, Uncovering Jack the Ripper's London, and History and Mystery Walks in London.
Richard's books are often used by other guides to plan and research their own haunted London tours.
But, why join a guide who has read a book when you can join the guide who wrote the book?
The guide who has spent almost 40 years travelling the length and breadth of Britain's spectral landscape collecting the spookiest ghost stories and honing his abilities as a storyteller in order to present those tales in a manner that is both gripping and chilling.
As The Independent newspaper put it:-
“...This is among the most reliable of the many London Ghost walks. Richard Jones is a committed story teller...who shares his enthusiasm in the alleyways and hidden courtyards of the City.”
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS FOR RICHARD'S GHOST WALK
Those who have joined Richard's ghost tours have often commented on his spot-on timing and his superlative storytelling ability and many have written to say how much they enjoyed the experience.
Many of them have commented on just how contagious they have found Richard's passion for the subject and the sheer exuberance of his delivery.
Others have mentioned how his extensive knowledge of haunted and historic London shone through in the course of the tour.
Some have even written in to tell of strange occurrences that they themselves witnessed during a walk.
But, the one thing that they all feel compelled to comment upon is how much fun they had and how impressed they were by how much they learnt on their haunted tour.
“TRULY WHAT A FUN, FUN EXPERIENCE”
Dan Neidermyer took Richard's ghost tour on June 7th 1998. He later sent a letter applauding what he considered to be the "best" walk in London.
Dan is something of an expert on guided walks since he has "sounded out" and experienced Richard's competition over many years, making him ideally placed to make an informed decision on how they compare.
This is what he wrote:-
“...I had the privilege of being a member of that very-fortunate-for-choosing "THE-LONDON-GHOST-WALK" audience.
Truly what a fun, fun experience! What an entertainer you are! I've been coming to England - and London in particular for many years.
Over the years, I've done almost all "The Original London walks." In all honesty you are truly the "BEST."
What a great evening. You gave so much to your group. You are a truly talented performer and what a privilege to watch you work.
Thanks for caring so much about a Sunday night group...for truly enjoying performing so much and letting your tour group see your enjoyment...and for giving us a great evening in London, now and in its past!...”
Dan Neidermyer
Maranatha Productions
“THE BEST I HAVE COME ACROSS”
Andy Vine of Eastbourne Coaches organised a night time tour with Richard and brought a coach load of participants into London.
He later wrote to say what a great night his clients had had.
Again, Andy is in a position to give an informed opinion on the standard and the quality of a tour since he operates coach tours all over the country and so is able to make genuine comparisons. Concerning Richard's guiding and storytelling ability, Andy had this to say:-
“...Thanks for a great tour. As a coach operator we organize quite a few events that include guides and I must say yours was the best I have come across...thanks for your great work...”
Andy Vine
Eastbourne Coaches
“ODD. HISTORICAL. EXERCISING. SPOOKY. FUN!”
Annabel, a student at Imperial College in London, joined Richard on his Friday night Hidden Horrors Ghost Walk. She enjoyed it enough to make it the subject of her student blog on the college website.
This is what she had to say:-
“Our tour guide, Richard Jones, who possesses a superbly oratory and expressive voice, guided us from place to place in the local area.
The guide put in neat bits of acting, stuttering or pausing to flinch as his delivery was distracted by unseen flickers in the background, throwing cautious glances, askance, and making all of us jump with perfectly timed volume changes in his storytelling.
"BANG!" he screamed at one point, and "AAAAAARRGGH!!!!" at another, into the face of a poor girl who instinctively replied "AAAARRRRGGGHH!!!!!!!" right back.
Odd. Historical. Exercising. Spooky. Fun!”
Annabel's Student Blog
Imperial College, London
“THIS MAN WAS A STAR”
The staff social club from the department store Caleys in Windsor booked their own private London Ghost Tour with Richard.
As it transpired the skies opened that night and the rain came hurtling down.
However, this didn't detract from their enjoyment and one of the participants published the following report in the staff newsletter:-
“Onwards and we find ourselves on the night in question being battered about by horrendous high winds and torrential rain.
I was surprised to see the coach was full. If anything can get this amount of people out on a night like this it must be something special.
On stepping out of the coach it came as a bit of a shock to be confronted by a man all dressed in black, who turned out to be our guide.
Now, why was I with umpteen layers and coats on shivering on this vicious night and our guide was in just an old fashioned suit and looked perfectly warm.
The guide's name was Richard, and what a clever dick he turned out to be! I mean that in the nicest possible way, as this man was a STAR. Not only was he a great orator, but he was also a first rate magician. A great evening out enjoyed by everyone I am sure...”
Staff Newsletter
Caleys, Windsor
“WE WERE AFRAID WHAT WAS AROUND THE CORNER”
On a dark and wet Saturday night, Michelle Armstrong joined Richard's Alleyways and Shadows Old City Ghost Walk.
Sheltering in one of the old covered alleyways that the tour ventures in to, she experienced something that proved somewhat distracting, not to say disturbing.
Now, it must be said that this particular alleyway is one of those aforementioned hotspots when it comes to paranormal occurrences, and many people sense a certain something when passing through it. So Michelle's experience was very much business as usual at this decidedly creepy location.
Here is how Michelle put it in her subsequent email:-
“I just wanted to mail you to tell you about something that happened to us whilst we were on your tour of the alleyways and shadows last night.
Whilst you were talking, some of us had taken shelter in a covered alleyway. You were talking in front of the alleyway in front of a window above was some particularly spectacular Victorian decorative works on the building.
I cannot recall what you were talking about because from the other end of that alley way there seemed to be a commotion.
We (there were 4 of us) could all hear, whilst you were still talking there was a woman's scream. Then it went quiet apart from the sounds of some keys jangling.
When it came time to pass through, we all stopped and let you go ahead, actually for fear of what was around the corner. Once around the corner, and to my surprise, there was not a street as expected, where revelers may have been, just an entrance to a restaurant.
Absolutely no one around...Just thought I would share that...
Hope to see you again sometime! Had a really enjoyable evening. Thank you”
Michelle Armstrong
Tour Participant
EXPERIENCE THE TRUE THRILL OF HAUNTED LONDON
So, if you really want to explore haunted London on a ghost walk, be sure to do so with London's premier ghost walk guide and enjoy an unrivalled opportunity to uncover the creepy alleyways and old graveyards that lie scattered about the darker recesses of the hidden city.
In his company you will see and experience more of the paranormally active locations of old London.
In short, you won't just visit places where ghosts have been known to appear, but you will also encounter the places where they are still known to appear.
Which, if you think about it, is exactly what you should expect from a ghost walk!
SELECTED FRIDAYS
THE HIDDEN HORRORS
GHOST WALK
7pm From Outside The Lord Raglan Pub
FULL DETAILS
SELECTED SATURDAYS
ALLEYWAYS AND SHADOWS
GHOST WALK
7pm From Exit 3 of Bank Station
FULL DETAILS
EVERY NIGHT
THE JACK THE RIPPER TOUR
7pm From Exit 1 of Aldgate East Station
FULL DETAILS
HALLOWEEN WALK
OCTOBER 31ST 2024
FULL DETAILS
ABOUT YOUR GUIDE

Richard's ghost tours are an integral part of the paranormal scene in London, and his track record, when it comes to all things spooky, paranormal, creepy and legendary, speaks for itself.
Indeed, Richard is London's longest established ghost walk guide with a track record that dates back to 1982.
When you join him for a walk you are greeted by a guide whose Victorian undertaker's garb - consisting of a black frock coat, black waistcoat and black cravat - oh and black trousers of course (!) - belies a friendly and approachable persona.
As well as being an accomplished storyteller, he is also a dab hand at lulling his audiences into a false sense of security, preparing for those moments when a sudden twitch or fiendishly placed scream has been known to make even the stoutest and bravest jump almost out of their skin!
With over 35 years in the business, he has honed his performance to ensure that his tours possess just the right blend of thrills and chills.
BOOKS ON HAUNTED BRITAIN
As well as being a leading figure on the London Ghost Tours scene for over 32 years, Richard is also the author of several international best selling books on ghostly and legendary Britain.
These include Walking Haunted London; Haunted Britain and Ireland; Haunted London; Haunted Castles of Britain and Ireland; Haunted Inns of Britain and Ireland; Myths and Legends of Britain and Ireland; Mystical Britain and Ireland; Haunted Houses of Britain and Ireland and Uncovering Jack the Ripper's London.
Richard has travelled all over the British Isles collecting ghost stories and researching folklore, and he has personally investigated almost 3,000 haunted locations.
No other London Ghost Tours guide can match this level of experience and knowledge when it comes to haunted history.
MOST HAUNTED LIVE
Richard was the resident historian on Living TV's phenomenally successful cult show Most Haunted Live, for which he provided commentary and analysis on subjects as diverse as Dick Turpin, William Shakespeare, the Pendle Witches, Matthew Hopkins - the "Witch-Finder General" - and Jack the Ripper.
He then joined the team of Living TV's equally successful Ghost Towns as their resident historian, in which capacity he conducted investigations into Haunted York and Haunted Halifax as well as the ghosts of cities and towns as diverse as Swansea, Chester, Worcester, Hereford, Glasgow and Aberdeen.
PRIVATE TOURS
Richard's Ghost Walks can be booked as a private tour for your office social, tour group, or even as an outing with a difference for a group of friends or relatives.
TO BOOK A PRIVATE TOUR PLEASE CALL US ON

020 8530-8443
WANT TO TALK?
If you are unsure of anything, or you just want the re-assurance of talking to a real live human, then please feel free to call us during our designated office hours, which are Monday to Friday 10.30am to 4.30pm.
Outside of these designate hours please leave us a message and we will call you back as soon as we return.
OUR PHONE NUMBER IS

020 8530-8443
WHAT RICHARD'S WALKERS SAY
Feedback from some of those who have taken Richard's Ghost Walks
"I have done a lot of guided walks with different guides and walking companies in London and I can honestly say the guided London ghost walk I did with Richard was the most fun guided walk I have ever been on and was also very informative"
John Scovell
Posted On Richard's Facebook Page


+442085308443
Email Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
HTML Sitemap
XML Sitemap
London Ghost Walks
With Richard Jones
PO Box 53131
London
E18 1UW
© 2024 Richard Jones - All rights reserved