Glycan excellence against cancer
About Us

Tacalyx was founded in 2019 as a spin-out of the Max-Planck-Institute of Colloids and Interfaces (MPICI) in Potsdam, Germany.
We strive to develop novel anticancer therapeutics targeting Tumor Associated Carbohydrate Antigens (TACAs).
Team
Alena Horn
Office Manager
Fausto Gomes, PhD
Scientist Cell Biology
Francesco Muraca, PhD
Head of Cell Biology
Gustavo Moreira, PhD
Head of Antibody and Protein Biochemistry
Kajo Wiest
Head of Finance & Administration
Prof. Matthias Ocker, MD
Head of Experimental Medicine
Peter Sondermann, PhD
CEO
Wiebke Winkler, PhD
Scientist Antibody Generation
Board of Directors
Dr. Klaus Schollmeier
Chairman of the Board
Dr. Alexander Ehlgen
Boehringer Ingelheim Venture Fund
Dr. Frank Hensel
High-Tech Gründerfonds
Ulrich Mahr
Max-Planck-Innovation GmbH
Dr. Peter Neubeck
Kurma Partners
Tim Brans
coparion
Karlheinz Schmeling
Creathor Ventures
Prof. Dr. Peter Seeberger
Max-Planck-Institute for Colloids and Interfaces
Investors
Technology
Tumor-Associated Carbohydrate Antigens (TACAs)
TACAs are attractive targets for novel immunotherapeutics against human cancers. Many TACAs are expressed during embryonic development but not under physiologic conditions in differentiated tissues. On tumors, in contrast, TACAs show very high expression levels, allowing to bring more therapeutic agents to the cancer cell.
Pipeline

Our pipeline comprises several first-in-class assets targeting different TACAs across multiple solid human cancers.
Assets in our pipeline are amenable to various treatment modalities, including antibody-drug conjugates, T cell engagers and others.
News
Careers




We are a growing team of highly motivated scientists. We endorse the biotech spirit of problem solving and let the best idea win. Being innovative and focused is key to have fast decisions and optimized solutions for our early pipeline.
Located in one of Berlin's prestigious science hubs, we offer a vibrant research environment at the forefront of antibody drug development.

Please follow the link for current job offers.
Unsolicited applications are welcome!
Jobs on LinkedIn
Contact
Send message
Phone
+49 30 407 237 10
Email
info@tacalyx.com
Tacalyx GmbH
Magnusstr. 11
12489 Berlin
Germany
Follow Us
Privacy Policy

Imprint