We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agreeI declineChange my preferences
01392 203333
HOME
TERMS
CONTACT US
£0.00
0 items
Email: clive@wjml.co.uk
Self Installed Borehole Pumps
Pressure Sets
Water Storage Tanks
Surface Pumps
Sewage Package Pumping Stations
Rain Water Harvesting
More..
Information
Free UK Delivery on Xylem products
Always Happy to Help
Previous
Next
1
2
3
4
5
MATHEWS ELECTRICAL, AIR CONDITIONING AND PUMP ENGINEERS
Mathews is an electrical, air conditioning and pump engineering business situated in Exeter, Devon (UK). An independent distributor and installer of pumps, borehole pumps, motors, fans, pressure vessels, starters, filters, water treatments, inverters, and air conditioning equipment.

We have 105 years of experience in selecting the best engineering solution for your applications. We sell a range of leading brands in electro-rotating machinery some of which can be viewed on-line, for specific applications or for enquiries into our greater product range please contact us directly by Email , 01392 203333 or fax .
Complete sewage pumping stations
Add a fountain or waterfall to your pond.
Have your own private water supply
105 YEARS IN THE TRADE
W.J. Mathews (Exeter) Ltd was established as a company in 1918 by the Mathews family and dealt mainly with the repair of DC electric motors from electric trams, cranes, dragline excavators etc. In 1937 the company was incorporated and became a limited company.

After the death of its founder William John Mathews in 1944 the company was run by his widow Mrs Ada Mathews. Ada Mathews decided to put the company up for sale in 1948 and it was sold to William Henry Hallam. He was previously a director of the Midland Dynamo Company of Leicester and had considerable experience in the sale and repair of all types of electrical plant.

In 1966 William Hallam's son Martyn Hallam joined the company and on the death of his father in 1985 took over as Managing Director. Martyn's son Andrew joined the company in July 1994 bringing the third generation of the Hallam Family in to the company.






MATHEWS WORKSHOP
In our workshop we repair all commercial and industrial electrcal equipment. We rewind and repair motors and generators, rebuild and repair pumps, motors, power tools and drive shaft surface.
MATHEWS CONTRACTING
For the installation, maintenance and replacement of all types of electrical plant and equipment, water treatment and the upgrading of electrical systems and controls please contact us for an estimate or a quotaion.
PRODUCT SECTIONS
Self Installed Borehole Pumps
Pressure Sets
Water Storage Tanks
Surface Pumps
Sewage Package Pumping Stations
Rain water harvesting
Mono Subrotor Borehole Pump
Single Phase Fans
Motors
Energy Saving Control Systems
Water Treatment
Borehole Pumps
Submersible Pumps
CONTACT
ADDRESS
W.J. Mathews (Exeter) Ltd
14 Trusham Road
Marsh Barton
Exeter EX2 8QG
United Kingdom
PHONE
01392 203333
EMAIL
clive@wjml.co.uk
WORKING DAYS/HOURS
Monday - Friday 8.30am - 5.00pm. 24Hrs 7 Days a week Engineering Call Out
CUSTOMER SERVICES
Terms & Conds
Contact Us
Login
Site Map
INFORMATION
Cookie Preferences
Home
About Mathews Pump Engineers
Copyright © 2024 W.J. Mathews (Exeter) Ltd. All rights reserved.

Responsive Sellerdeck Ecommerce Website by Graphicz Ltd