WE CARE ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide the best experience on our website. Privacy Policy
Manage preferences
Ok
No Thanks
Skip to content
Home
Shop.cls-1{fill:#231f20}
About us .cls-1{fill:#231f20}
Teachers.cls-1{fill:#231f20}
Parent & Baby Wellbeing Experience
Wholesale
Commissions/White Label.cls-1{fill:#231f20}
Blogs
Contact
Tiddley Pom Partners.cls-1{fill:#231f20}
Search
Log in
Cart
Currency
                  
                    ALL
                  
                    AMD
                  
                    BAM
                  
                    BGN
                  
                    CHF
                  
                    CZK
                  
                    DKK
                  
                    EUR
                  
                    GBP
                  
                    HUF
                  
                    ISK
                  
                    MDL
                  
                    MKD
                  
                    PLN
                  
                    RON
                  
                    RSD
                  
                    SEK
                  
                    UAH
                  
                 From Baby Wash
Pause slideshow
NATURAL MOTHER AND BABY SKINCARE RANGE IN ALUMINIUM AND GLASS BOTTLES
Baby & Parent Spa Gifts
Individual Products
Mommas Spa
Therapeutic Blends
Offers & Bundles
Aromatherapy Shed
Zero waste, natural, soil association approved vegan and vegetarian baby spa range - Loved by Baby Massage Teachers.
Many of us are trying to reduce the amount of single use plastic in our bathroom's and whilst there is choice for us as adults, the baby and children's ranges still insists on using plastic.
We might think we can't change the world in a big way through the baby products that we choose, but cumulatively, a switch as simple as ditching plastic on our baby wash & shampoo could save thousands from entering our oceans throughout our lifetime.
When you consider that 80 billion plastic shampoo and conditioner bottles get thrown out globally each year we can start to impact that number by making easy choices.  
Read More
OUR FRUGI RANGE OF PRODUCTS IS NOW AVAILABLE TO BUY VIA THE FRUGI WEBSITE:
Frugi Sleep Bag
Frugi Zen Momma Bag
Frugi Spa Bag
frugi Travel Bag
Welcome to Tiddley Pom Baby Spa
Emma Nash is the creator of natural and ethically sourced Mum & Baby spa brand TIddley Pom - Creating beautiful and natural gift sets and individual spa products delivered to your door.
Vegan & Vegetarian product range created from the finest English soil association approved ingredients to provide natural products to Momma and baby.
Widely used and accepted as the best by Baby Massage & Yoga Teachers, Doulas and Midwives across the UK. 
We hand-blend in the UK organic and natural essential oils and ingredients to create bespoke, skincare that has provenance, in aluminium packaging that can be reused and recycled with no waste. You can choose your products with or without pumps to further reduce waste, swapping the pump from your used bottle to the new product, and either reusing or recycling the old.
No mass production. No waste. Just beautifully natural, sustainable baby skincare that’s as good for baby (and you)  as it is for the planet.
Emma Nash (Founder) 
TAKE A LOOK AT OUR RANGE
Tiddley Pom Natural Baby Spa and Aromatherapy Shed
Tiddley Pom Natural Baby Spa & Aromatherapy Shed are Brand names of EF Nash Ltd – Home to a wide range of exceptional Vegan, Vegetarian, Organic Natural, Ethically sourced spa products suitable for Personal use, Home, Hotel, Spa, & Commercial settings - Bought and used by Baby practitioners, Doula's & Midwives for Baby classes.
Blends designed to help us deal with life's stresses naturally.
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle
Policies
Privacy Policy Refund Policy Shipping Policy Terms of Service
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Payment methods
© 2024, Tiddley Pom Powered by Shopify
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Chat