Home
About Us
Services
Testimonials
Contact

Consulting Services
CONTACT US TODAY
WITH OVER 30 YEARS EXPERIENCE

We are here to work on your business
Welcome to SGR Consulting Services
Management Systems that make a difference to your business!


Celebrating 10 Years of Business Consulting Services…. SGR Consulting Services offer a range of services from enabling our client’s own staff to implement an effective Management System to a fully outsourced solution. Working with the client, SGR develops a documented Management System that not only meets the required International Standards, but also underpins the goals and objectives of the organisation. SGR have experience in a wide range of industries and can use our expertise whether you are involved in design, manufacturing or service activities.
Management Systems

Implementation and maintenance of Management Systems that meet the requirements of: ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 22000, ISO 27001 and ISO 17025
LEARN MORE

Consultancy

We work with businesses to implement Quality, Medical, Environmental, Health & Safety, Business Continuity and Information Security management systems.
LEARN MORE
Trust in us

SGR Consulting Services are consultancy and outsourcing service established in 2005 offering a unique service to companies that would like to implement UKAS cerfitciation.
LEARN MORE
THE PROCESS


The implementation process for management systems follows a common path, which is illustrated by the following
Gap Analysis

Train Staff

Internal Audit

Develop Documentation

Implement Procedures

3rd party Certification Audit
The entire process from start to 3rd party accreditation normally takes between 6-9 months, and you can be assured that we will be with you all the way.

MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS THAT MAKE A DIFFERENCE TO YOUR BUSINESS!
LEARN MORE


HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?


SGR Consulting Services are a consultancy and outsourcing service established in 2005 offering a unique service to companies that would like to implement UKAS certified Management Systems. We work with businesses to implement Quality, Medical, Environmental, Health & Safety, Information Security management systems and integrate the processes into day-to-day business practice.

We are members of the BSI associate consultants programme (membership No. 24) this provides us with access to benefits that we can pass onto our clients such as 20% discount on BSI public and in house training courses.
GET ADVICE
WHAT CLIENTS SAY


Intermedical UK Limited has been working with SGR Consulting Services since 2006. Consequently Intermedical (UK) Ltd has grown and improved its business performance. SGR Consulting has been a great asset for Intermedical and we consider the utilisation of their services as one of the best investment we have made. Their professionalism and knowledge are second to none and they consistently remain vigilant with regard to the latest regulatory requirements relating to our industry. We have been very pleased with this professional relationship and would recommend SGR Consulting to any other medical company seeking to develop or professionally manage their quality system to the highest standards. SGR We look forward to many more years developing and growing our business with their guidance and professionalism.



Intermedical UK Limited
GROW YOUR BUSINESS
With a company you can TRUST
SGR
Consulting Services Ltd

Implementation and maintenance of Management Systems that meet the requirements of: ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 22000, ISO 27001 and ISO 17025.
Latest News

New website launched!
25 June, 2018

LIKE US on FACEBOOK
www.facebook.com/pg/SGR-Consulting-Services
Contact Us

62 Stagshaw Close
Maidstone,
Kent
ME15 6TN

Tel:      01622 686 622
Mob:   07801 965 865
email: info@sgrcs.co.uk
Copyright @ All Rights Reserved