Your choice regarding cookies on this site
We use cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible experience.
AcceptCookie Preferences
Skip to content
Search the site
Join us
Members Area
Menu
Plant Health Week
National Plant Health Week (6-12th May) is an annual designated week of action to raise public awareness and engagement on how to keep our plants and trees healthy.
News
May 2, 2024 · Reports
Green the UK x RFS Webinar: Resilient Tree Planting for the Future
An expert webinar for sponsors of Climate Resistant Tree Planting in partnership with Green the UK & the RFS. Hosted by Xanthe Caldecott and featuring Jen Turner, Development Manager.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
April 22, 2024 · Woodlands Planted for Resilience
Helping A Sports Club Meet Net Zero Goals
One of our smallest Grants for Resilient Woodlands is helping a thriving village sports club in Worcestershire move towards its goal of Net Zero.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
April 9, 2024 · News
Successful Forestry Careers Roadshow at Coleg Glynllifon
Enjoy reading about how the RFS and other organisations are banding together to inspire and motivate the future generations of foresters.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
See more News articles
Upcoming Events
June 6, 2024 · Training & Workshops
Introduction to Forestry (Rockingham Forest area) June
This training course will provide a brief introduction to the principles of managing woodland for productivity, for climate change, for biodiversity, and for recreation and wellbeing. It is principally aimed at individuals and organisations who own, manage or help to manage woodlands in the Rockingham Forest area.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Discount for members
June 11, 2024 → June 12, 2024 · Training & Workshops
11-12 June 2024: Forestry for Non-Foresters: ‘Management Plans and Practices’ (Dalby, Yorkshire)
Tutors: Kevin Penfold and Jim Sauter of Penfolds - A very popular and successful two day training course for people who own or manage woodlands but have limited woodland and forestry knowledge.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Discount for members
June 13, 2024 → June 14, 2024 · Training & Workshops
13-14 June 2024: Forestry for Non-Foresters: ‘Management Plans and Practices’ (Dalby, Yorkshire)
Tutors: Kevin Penfold and Jim Sauter of Penfolds - A very popular and successful two day training course for people who own or manage woodlands but have limited woodland and forestry knowledge.
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
See more events
Join Us
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Shop
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Forestry Jobs Board
Read more VisualV1 - ArrowCreated with Sketch.
Donate to the RFS
Your donations make a real difference. Click below to find out more about our programmes and how your gift can make a big impact on the work of our small charity.
Find out more
Useful links
Contact us
Join us online
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Accessibility Privacy and cookies Terms and conditions
Copyright 2021 © The Royal Forestry Society
We are a Registered Charity (No. 306093) and also a charitable company limited by guarantee incorporated in England & Wales (No. 5306975).
Website by Reason Digital