REGISTER NOW
We Live in
a Post-Christian Age
3% of Teens Read Their Bible Every Day
In 2016, Barna Group found that only three percent of American teens aged 13-17 read their Bibles every day.
64% of Young Adults Leave the Church
In 2019, Barna Group found that almost two-thirds of 18-29 year olds who grew up in the church are no longer actively involved.
Spark Your Child’s Faith Today
We know how committed you are to building a strong spiritual foundation for your children and we want to partner with you to make that happen. What does it take to become biblically literate?
We know how committed you are to building a strong spiritual foundation for your children and we want to partner with you to make that happen. What does it take to become biblically literate?
Read
“Man shall not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of God.” – Matthew 4:4
True spiritual growth comes from spending regular time with God in His Word.
Recall
“I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you.” – Psalm 119:11
By memorizing Scripture we allow God’s Word to transform us from within.
Reveal
“Then he opened their minds so they could understand the Scriptures.” – Luke 24:45
As we meditate on God’s Word, we can use various study tools to grow in our understanding of Scripture.
The National Bible Bee Journey
Every year, thousands of children start the journey toward a deeper faith.
January
February
March
Register
In March, registration officially opens for children 5-18.
April
May
June
Study
In June, we kick off our ten-week Summer Study program where children explore and memorize Scripture in a fun and educational way.
July
August
September
October
November
Compete
The top 120 participants in each age division compete for over $135,000 in prize money in a live head-to-head competition.
December
Imagine Your Child Doing This…
REGISTER NOW
As Seen In
How One Life Inspired Millions
In 2009, the Shelby Kennedy Foundation began the National Bible Bee to honor the life and memory of Shelby Kennedy. On May 31, 2005 at the age of 23, Shelby went home to be with the Lord after an intense struggle with cancer. Much of what kept Shelby’s joy in her last days was time spent studying the Word of God.
Though Shelby’s earthly life is over, the Word that she loved endures forever. It is the Foundation’s hope that the Word will dwell richly in the hearts of young people of this generation and that it may transform generations to come.
The National Bible Bee has given over three million dollars in prize money and inspired tens of thousands of young people to dive deeper and memorize God’s Word.
REGISTER NOW
The National Bible Bee Has Impacted 92,610 Children
Hear what these partners have to say…
I endorse it with all my heart…
– Kirk Cameron
Take the Bible Literacy Quiz
Find out how Bible literate your child is in less than 60 seconds.
TAKE THE QUIZ
“All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the servant of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.”
– 2 Timothy 3:16-17
REGISTER NOW
CONTACT
(210) 489 7311
info@biblebee.org
MENU
Home
Overview
– About Us
– Scripture
– Summer Study
– Discovery Journal
– Competition
– Winners
Login
FAQs
Blog
Store
SOCIAL
QUIZ
BIBLE LITERACY
© National Bible Bee 2024
Privacy Policy