We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn more. ALLOW COOKIES
FREE shipping on orders over £250
 01484868297
      Search
Go
Products
BlogContact UsSaleSpecial Offers
Previous
Our Quality and Creative Products become your Inspirational Environments
SHOP OUR WHOLE RANGE
Next
SALE
Soft
Furnishings
OFFERS OF THE MONTH
View this Months latest offers at Millwood Education
Outdoor Learning
Download Our Catalogue
Download Our Catalogue
Download
I agree for Millwood Education to contact me regarding catalogue updates.
Emotions and Feelings
SHOP ALL
Welcome to Millwood
We are a leading supplier of nursery equipment, nursery furniture, educational games and role play accessories. Our early years toys and nursery furniture is aimed at childminders, pre-school playgroups, pre-schools, infant schools, junior schools, nurseries and more. We also offer free shipping on orders over £250 in the UK.
Find out more about us
"Excellent quality and our children are thoroughly enjoying using them for both play and learning on a daily basis."
Mrs J. Travis (Class teacher)
Denby CE First School
Our Latest
News & Events
17th Mar 2020
How to set up a School Nurture Room
A school nurture room provides a safe space for nurture groups to develop crucial skills. Discover how to set up a nurture room here at Millwood Education.
View more
3rd Mar 2017
Learn how to make your own Friendship Bracelet by Millwood Education. Follow these easy instructions and make lovely, personalized bracelets for your friends and family.
19th Jan 2017
View some of the new products for 2017 available from Millwood Education.
18th Jan 2017
Learn how to make your own Clothes Peg Plant Pot by Millwood Education. Follow these easy instructions with only 5 simple craft supplies.
Sign up to our Monthly Newsletter
Each month we send out our Millwood Education Monthly Newsletter with all our latest offers from
the month along with news, events and much more
SIGN UP
I would like to receive updates about services or products, news, events and any other relevant information from Millwood Education via e-mail  By checking this box you also agree to our privacy policy, to view the privacy policy click here
I agree to have my email activity tracked
Get in touch
twitter
facebook
mail
01484868297
About
Your Order
FAQs
Returns & Replacements
Privacy Policy
Orders & Delivery Information
Testimonials
Copyright © 2023 Millwood Education. All Rights Reserved.
Website hosted by