Previous
Expert wildlife and habitat surveys
From general wildlife surveys to specialist surveys of rare, protected and threatened species.
FIND OUT MORE
Next
1
2
3
Home
About
Services
Clients
Blog
Contact
CGO Ecology is an ecological consultancy providing expert advice, species and habitat surveys, ecology reports for development planning, mitigation, conservation, research and land management - delivered as promised, on time, within budget. We are based in the Southeast and Southwest, but we operate all over the UK and Ireland.
Get in touch for a free quote and initial advice with no obligation.
Phone: 01202 798126
Email: enquiries@cgoecology.com
Get a quotation
Our Team
CGO Ecology has a skilled and experienced team of ecological consultants, with an enviable reputation for quality and reliability. Among them are nationally-recognised experts in a range of disciplines.
Ecological Services
We offer a complete range of ecological services, which we tailor to suit any project, even at very short notice. Our rates are competitive, our recommendations pragmatic, and our pricing honest.
Contact Us
Our reputation relies upon honest, pragmatic advice, and delivery of reliable and timely services to our clients. Get in touch to discuss your project.
OUR CLIENTS
We work public, private, voluntary and academic sectors throughout the UK and globally. Our clients include nature conservation NGOs, statutory bodies, local authorities, developers, engineers, architects, consultancies, and private individuals. Read what our clients say about us.

View all clients & projects
SPECIALISMS
Our skilled team has expertise covering all animal and plant biodiversity interests.
Bats
Bat Inspections, bat surveys and bat box installation.
Birds
Schedule 1/Annex I and other bird surveys and bird box installation
GCN & amphibians
HSI, GCN surveys, capture and great crested newt / amphibian translocation.
Habitats
Habitat surveys, creation, restoration and management
Invertebrates
Freshwater and terrestrial invertebrate surveys, capture and translocation
Mammals
Badger surveys, hazel dormouse surveys, water vole surveys and otter surveys
Reptiles
Licensed reptile surveys, capture and reptile translocation.
Trees, hedgerows & plants
Tree surveys for planning, hedgerow assessments and botanical surveys
We get the job done to an excellent standard, in the timescale we predicted, at the price we quoted.
Our Environmental and Social Responsibility Policy
Wildlife and habitat surveys
Development planning and licensing
Mitigation, BNG and habitat work
Training, education, advocacy
Data management and GIS
Environmental archaeology
HEAD OFFICE
CGO Ecology Ltd
31 Walkford Road, Christchurch
Dorset BH23 5QD, UK
01202 798126
enquiries@cgoecology.com
See all office locations
OUR BLOG
Ecologist roles in the Northwest, Midlands, Southeast, and Southwest
09.02.2023
Instilling a love of nature in the next generation
27.01.2023
CGO Ecology helping to survey Dorset’s dormice
27.01.2023
Copyright © 2024 CGO Ecology Ltd.
CGO Ecology Limited is a private company limited by shares, registered in England and Wales (company number 06532052).