+44 (0) 1892 732009
info@exhibitionfreighting.co.uk
WELCOME TO EXHIBITION FREIGHTING
Exhibition Freighting is one of the UK’s premier exhibition freight forwarders. We manage freight logistics to exhibitions in over 60 countries globally. Our experienced and specialist teams will manage and co-ordinate your shipment smoothly and efficiently direct to your stand, whether by air, sea or road. We have a joint venture with our US agent, with offices in Las Vegas and Dallas, enabling us to operate throughout the United States.
Personal Service
Arranging shipments for exhibitions can be stressful. We are here to take the stress away by assigning a dedicated shipping specialist to manage your freighting requirements. We will arrange all aspects of your shipment from initial collection to its safe delivery on-site.
Bespoke Packages
We understand your high expectations, and often the bespoke nature of your freighting requirements. We will provide a bespoke and tailored service that ensures all of your freighting needs are met.
Experienced Industry Experts
Experience and knowledge is essential within any organisation. We have a team of highly experienced specialists in the shipping industry, and this coupled with our extensive global knowledge of exhibition logistics, makes us the industry experts that you can trust to deliver.
Exhibition Freighting are part of the EF Group:
TRADE ASSOCIATIONS

Collection from your IELA (International Exhibition Logistics Associates)
4 rue Charle-Bonnet, P.O.Box 399, 1212 Geneva 12, Switzerland
Tel: +41 (22) 661 1718
Email: adminiela@iela.org
Web: www.iela.org

IABM (International Association of
Broadcasting Manufacturers)
PO Box 2264, Reading,
Berkshire, RG31 6WA
Tel: +44 (0) 118 941 8620
Fax: +44 (0) 118 941 8630
Email: info@theiabm.org

BIFA (British International
Freight Association)
Redfern House, Browells Lane,
Feltham, Middx, TW13 7EP
Tel: +44 (0) 208 844 2266
Fax: +44 (0) 208 890 5546
Web: www.bifa.org
SERVICES
Collection from your premises
We can arrange collection of any size shipment directly from your door.
Delivery to your stand
We will arrange for your shipment to be delivered directly to your stand on site, at the time that you need it there.
Insurance
We are able to arrange full MAR insurance cover for all shipments, be them by road, sea or air.
On-site support
We will have a team on-site, whether UK personnel or our in-country agent, that will be on hand to ensure that the delivery goes as planned, and just as importantly, that all documentation is dealt with to ensure a smooth return shipment.
Expo Cages
These steel crates and protective pallet crates can be rented from us to safeguard your freight during transit and once on-site at the exhibition. Various options are available – please click here for more info.
Packing services
If you do not have the resources to pack your shipment, we can help.... from boxes of literature to show finished demonstration pieces, we can ensure that your load travels safely and securely to arrive in optimum condition.
Shipping documentation & custom formalities
Let us take care of the paperwork for you. Often overlooked, correct preparation and submission is one of the vital elements in ensuring your shipment gets to its destination and return. Our experts can advise or can manage all the formalities needed.
Project management
Our expert team can look after all aspects of your shipping requirements. With a direct point of contact to your account manager, you can be sure that the support you need is available when and where you need it!
Storage
Tight for space or time between events? We can store your shipment for you and arrange its seamless movement from one event to the next. With a global network of storage facilities available to us, let us take the strain and manage your freight logistics.
WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT EXHIBITION FREIGHTING?
WATCH THE VIDEO
INTERVIEW WITH RAVINDER SETHI ON COVID PROTOCOLS
WATCH THE VIDEO
INTERVIEW WITH CHRIS BROWN AT NAB
WATCH THE VIDEO
RETURN BACK TO TRADESHOWS
VIEW DOCUMENT
GET BACK FACE TO FACE WITH A ROADSHOW
VIEW DOCUMENT
THE HIDDEN COSTS OF CANCELLING NAB
VIEW DOCUMENT
EXHIBITION FREIGHTING CELEBRATES 40 YEARS
VIEW DOCUMENT
GET IN TOUCH
About us
Exhibition Freighting is one of the UK’s premier exhibition freight forwarders. We manage freight logistics to exhibitions in over 60 countries globally. Our experienced and specialist teams will manage and co-ordinate your shipment smoothly and efficiently direct to your stand, whether by air, sea or road. We have a joint venture with our US agent, with offices in Las Vegas and Dallas, enabling us to operate throughout the United States.
  Terms
All work carried out is subject to the terms and conditions of the British International Freight Association 2005 edition, a copy of which can be downloaded here.
Links
Home
Events
About Us
Expo Cages
Testimonials
Contact
EF Travel
Blog
Get in touch
+44 (0) 1892 732009
info@exhibitionfreighting.co.uk
Exhibition Freighting Limited, The Granary, Moat Farm, Collier Street, Kent, TN12 9RR
PRIVACY POLICY | COPYRIGHT © 2020 EXHIBITION FREIGHTING