0117 914 4200
Later living that makes the
most of every moment
Person-centred housing, care and support to suit you
We are a Bristol-based charity providing high-quality housing, care and support to guide you through every stage of later life.
For over 80 years we have supported people in the community to make the most of every moment. As a non-profit organisation, any profit we make is reinvested back into the services we provide so we can continue to support people across Bristol, South Gloucestershire and Somerset.
Whether you’re looking for care in your own home, at one of our specialist care homes or reablement facilities, or independent living, we’ll help you find the right service to suit your needs and remain as independent as possible, for as long as possible.
Contact us
Care & support
From short-term reablement to 24/7 nursing, we have a range of care and support options to suit your changing needs and help you maintain your independence.
Person-centred care is at the heart of what we do; our experienced teams will support you to live well in later life by tailoring your care to suit you. We are widely recognised for our expertise and excellence in caring for people living with dementia.
View our care & support options
Housing
Live well in later life with homes designed to support your independence. We pride ourselves on providing high-quality and safe housing, whether you’re looking for complete independence or need a bit more support at one of our extra care housing sites.
Our sites allow you to become part of a community, with communal areas and gardens, and our purpose-built properties are adapted to support you in later life. We believe everyone should feel comfortable and safe wherever they call home.
View our housing options
Make a difference
Careers
Find your new career with Brunelcare and become part of something more.
Find out more
Volunteer with us
We have volunteer roles to suit everyone, your time can make a real difference.
Find out more
Our latest news
4th Apr 2024
Continuing our commitment to the real Living Wage increase for 2024
As a charity, we are delighted to announce that we are retaining our status as a Living Wage Employer for the third year in a row, increasing wages for all
Find out more
6th Mar 2024
Plaque dedicated at Emmanuel Court to mark Agatha Christie's 1914 wedding
A plaque has been installed at our Emmanuel Court housing site to mark the place where Dame Agatha Christie married her first husband 100 years ago.
Find out more
13th Feb 2024
“Coming here saved my life" - Simone's recovery story
After being transferred to our Little Heath Care Home for end-of-life treatment, Simone has made a full recovery and can finally move in with her long-term partner for Valentine's Day!
Find out more
About us
News
Locations
Careers
Contact us
For general enquiries call 0117 914 4200
Monday to Friday, between 08:30 – 16:30
Registered charity no: 201555 | Registered company no: 601847 | Care Quality Commission registration no: CRT1-579008632 | Homes England registration no: LH0269
@ Copyright 2022 | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statements|Accessibility