Remote Tech Support Serving Cleveland
PC Handyman is Cleveland’s premier provider of computer repair, maintenance, and IT support solutions for home or office
Book an appointment now
WHAT WE DO
WHY WE DO IT
TESTIMONIALS
PRICES
WHAT WE DO
Tech Support IRL:
You may have found your way here searching for something like "computer repair near me." Even if you didn't, imagine this: you are sitting at your computer, surfing the web, and everything is going fine. Up comes, a link that says something like, "Remember Nipsy Russell? You should see what he looks like now."
You figure, why not? And you click the link to see what Nipsy has been up to. And BLAM! Your computer is going nuts, flashing red lights and giving off an air raid blast. You can do one of two things: 1. Duck and cover under your desk, or 2. Contact PC Handyman-Cleveland.
Make an appointment 
We can help you get back to normal with extensive computer repair services.
Depending on your problem, we can come to your home, you can come to us, or we can help solve your problems from our office on Larchmere Boulevard.
Whichever way works best for you, PC Handyman is here to help.
Computer Repair Services
Your computer has become one of the most important things you possess.
When it goes down, it can cut people off from their social lives, or cut you off from doing schoolwork or business.
Call or text us at 2162439662 and we will give professional help and advice. We offer a free computer repair estimate

PC Handyman Offers Remote Tech Support
COVID has taught us how important it is to have tech in good working order.
It has also shown just how much can be resolved remotely without the computer repair shop coming into your home or office.
At PC Handyman, we offer discount pricing for remote computer support compared to our onsite rates. We also offer remote support plans that include reduced onsite rates.
Schedule a tune up at fixed pricing today!
Specializing in Helping Seniors with Tech
MANAGED SUPPORT
Do you find yourself frustrated with computer issues but unwilling to ask the kids for help. You don't want to be a burden right? Advocate for yourself with a Managed Support Contract with PC Handyman.
Do you have a loved one who you've tried to help from long distance? Our services make great gifts. Click here to find out more.
OFFICE APPOINTMENTS

HOUSE CALLS
REMOTE SUPPORT
WHY WE DO IT
It's what we do
Everyone has something they can pour their mind and attention into. Some people love knitting. We love technology. We enjoy the challenges of effective diagnosis and clear, reasonable solutions. If you're at your wit's end, give us a try, ask a question, we are here to help.
We want to be your tech support
We also offer computer services to small businesses and non profits with 25 or fewer employees. We offer reasonable pricing and office hours availability to keep your systems up to date, to advise on cloud solutions, and troubleshoot every day office problems.

TESTIMONIALS
What they say
Linda F.
Charlie is the best computer technician we've ever used. He's so responsive and knowledgeable - and he doesn't make me feel like an idiot (which I am when it comes to computers!) He is beyond patient and always goes the extra mile to make sure every little thing is working properly. I don't know what we'd do without him. My husband & I just got new computers and we were up and running in a day. Just amazing. - 6/14/2022
Caren S.
CHARLEY'S PC HANDYMAN IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST PC REPAIR ANYWHERE!!! They'll come and pick up your computer (YES, that's right, THEY. COME. TO. YOU.), and will do the job thoroughly, efficiently, and at crazy-reasonable prices! I had a number of issues with my PC, from messed up sound to constant problems with web connectivity, which were caused by the last idiot I had taken my computer to for repair. I found PC Handyman on YELP! and the reviews were so good that I thought I'd give them a call. Sure enough, CHARLEY FIXED IT ALLLLL!!! And, when the job was done, Pryde brought my PC back to me at a time that was most convenient for me! (Yep. You read that right.) OMG, THE BEST EVER! I truly can't thank these guys enough, and I will NEVER take my PC to anyone else...and neither should YOU! - 10/07/2016
Mm G.
This guy is a genius. And a real gentleman - 12/04/2018






Next
Prev
12345
Discover Our Latest Articles
10 Most Common Smart Home Issues (and How to Fix Them)
Back when you were a kid, living in a “smart home” probably

What Is Microsoft Security Copilot? Should You Use It?
It can be challenging to keep up with the ever-evolving cyber threat

Smart Tactics to Reduce Cloud Waste at Your Business
Cloud computing has revolutionized the way businesses operate. It offers scalability, flexibility,

Sign up for our newsletter and learn about deep discounts and technology news written by us and others!
CONTACT INFORMATION
Find us here: 12702 Larchmere Boulevard
2nd Floor
Email:  tickets@pchandy.net
Phone: 216-243-9662
     Privacy policy     Contact
Copyright 2024 PC Handyman-Cleveland Inc., all rights reserved.