HOME
SERVICES
MEET THE TEAM
CONTACT YOUR CARRIER
REQUEST A POLICY CHANGE
REQUEST A QUOTE
Insurance for where ever life takes you.
REQUEST A QUOTE
"Nothing but outstanding service that exceeded my
expectation. Thank you so much!
- ABE
WHAT WE DO
Headquartered in
Connecticut
Boccarossa insurance is family owned and operated! As a full service agency, we specialize in Auto, Home, Commercial, and Life Insurance Products. At Boccarossa Insurance, our licensed agents deeply care. We humbly provide excellent and conscientious service, along with competitive premiums to meet the individual needs of each of our clients and their families. Being an independent agency allows us to check with multiple providers to ensure our clients always get the best pricing and coverage around.
Homeowners
Insurance
Unlike automobile insurance, homeowners insurance is not required by law, but lending institutions require it in order to get and keep a mortgage.
Read More
Auto
Insurance
If you own a car in Connecticut, you need insurance. It's the law. But you do have some flexibility when it comes to the amount of insurance and type you purchase.
Read More
Life
Insurance
Our agency offers many different life insurance options so you can plan your future, prepare for the unexpected, and make sure the people you care about are taken care of.
Read More
Commercial
Insurance
We've partnered with several insurance carriers to offer the best business insurance for the most competitive rates. Letting you redirect the savings back into your business.
Read More
Licensed to serve you in the following states:
CT, NH,VT, NJ, TN, TX, VA, & NY
Milford, CT
We serve people like you
Elderly Community
Are you an AARP member? Our agency is able to provide discounted rates for those that hold a membership! We strive to ensure our elderly community is cared for.  We want to make the process easy!
Families like yours!
Are you newly married and looking for auto or home insurance? Are you a parent to a new driver? Whether you’re a new family or already established, we specialize in finding plans and premiums that meet exactly what you need.
Small Business Owners
Are you a business owner, unsure of what you need for coverage or looking for better pricing? New business or old, we have agents that are experts in business insurance and will be sure to get you the best.
Great Coverage,
Superior Value
We're committed to helping our clients navigate all of life's changes. Whether you're celebrating a new milestone, opening a new business, or just want to make sure you're getting the best possible rate - we've got you covered!
REQUEST A QUOTE
Stephen Boccarossa,
Principal Agent
Stephen established Boccarossa Insurance Agency in 1984 and is the principal agent of Boccarossa Insurance Agency, LLC and West Haven Insurance Center, LLC. With almost 40 years of experience in the industry, Stephen holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Finance, a license in Property and Casualty Insurance, a license in Life and Health Insurance, and a NASD Financial License for the state of Connecticut.
Stephen is an active member of the Chamber of Commerce and his local church. He currently resides in Orange, CT with his wife. With an ever growing family, Stephen has 5 adult children, 6 grandchildren, and another on the way!
1
Great Service
Our agency has been rated 5 stars for customer service.
2
You’re working with Experts
Over a century of combined Experience.
3
Personalized Care
We make sure your plans fit exactly what you need.
Committed to Our Community
Member of the Milford Chamber of Commerce Since 2004
Special Olympics Sponsor
Keep Up with Boccarossa Insurance
Expert Advice for Home and Business Owners
5 Exciting Home Description Examples for Summer
Summer is coming and the real estate market is heating up. If you plan on listing, make sure you know how to position your home so buyers will be excited to come see it. You can highlight your home’s best features, brag about outdoor space and talk about trendy finishes. Read on for some ideas on how to successfully showcase your home this summer.
READ ARTICLE
Your small business checklist: 25 things to do before the year ends
With the summer winding down, it’s time to start thinking about closing the book on another year for your business. Pretty soon the weather will be cooling down, the holiday season will come and go, and you’ll be staring down the start of another calendar year.
READ ARTICLE
Join the Boccarossa Insurance Community
Receive the latest agency info, insurance news, and all things Boccarossa insurance.
Subscribe
Quick Links 
CT Department of Motor Vehicles 
Vehicle Ratings 
Kelley Blue Book 
Contact Us
220 Bridgeport Ave.
Milford, CT 06460
(203) 877-1800
Tat_Boccins@outlook.com
REQUEST A QUOTE
© 2022 Boccarossa Insurance. All rights reserved.
www.iamlivingproofdesigns.com