Yorkshire Holiday Cottages
Holidays in the heart of Yorkshire
Search Cottages
Book online 24 hours a day
Secure your next cottage holiday at a time that suits you
Property Managers
Dedicated managers with expert knowledge of their portfolio
Trusted by our customers
We are on hand to help our customers every day until late
Regions
York and the Wolds
Search
Yorkshire Dales
Search
Yorkshire Coast
Search
North York Moors
Search
Whitby
Search
North Yorkshire
Search
Need inspiration?
Dog-friendly cottages
Search
Cottages for families
Search
Romantic cottages
Search
Last-minute getaways
Previous
Abbey View Villas - Lapwing
Whitby, Yorkshire Coast
Sleeps 2 | Bedrooms 1 | Pets 1
The Goods Wagon
Harrogate (4mls), North Yorkshire
Sleeps 2 | Bedrooms 1 | No pets
Bank Top Mews
Bingley (1.5mls SW), West Yorkshire
Sleeps 2 | Bedrooms 1 | Pets 1
Next
Welcome to Yorkshire Holiday Cottages
Having a holiday in Yorkshire could mean glorious days traversing moorlands, hills and dales, strolling sweeping bays, feeling inspired by dramatic scenery or being energised by a visit to one of the many vibrant towns and cities. And what better way to explore the endless possibilities of ‘God’s Own Country’ than from one of our superb collection of holiday homes spread across the UK’s largest county. Whether you want to discover the delights of coastal delights of Whitby or Scarborough, or uncover the fascinating history of York - you'll find the perfect cottage as your base.
Are you a couple seeking a romantic break in a stylish apartment with harbourside views over Whitby? Or maybe you’re a family of four searching for a cosy stone dog-friendly cottage that welcomes canine companions. Perhaps you’re even part of a large group of friends looking for a luxury property in which to celebrate. Whatever is on your holiday property wish list, Yorkshire Holiday Cottages can find exactly what you need.
Yorkshire is undoubtedly a fantastic location. Foodies will delight in sampling award-winning food in one of the spectacular Michelin-starred restaurants across the area; those with an interest in history and the arts will love experiencing rich cultural heritage and, for outdoor enthusiasts, the list of opportunities to make the most of nature is almost endless: enjoy rambles in the hills, hikes across the moors or simply spend lazy days in charming Victorian seaside resorts such as Saltburn.
The inspiring beauty and diversity of Yorkshire is what draws guests to return year after year so why not search our collection of Yorkshire cottages? We have a superb range of cottages across the region for you to find your perfect getaway.
useful information
Your account
About us
Let with us
Contact us
FAQs
the essentials
Terms of use
Booking terms
Privacy
Cookies
Sitemap
Ingrid Flute’s Yorkshire Holiday Cottages is part of the
The Travel Chapter Limited trading as Ingrid Flute’s Yorkshire Holiday Cottages is an appointed representative of ITC Compliance Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (their registration number is 313486) and which is permitted to advise on and arrange general insurance contracts as an intermediary.
The Travel Chapter Limited trading as Ingrid Flute’s Yorkshire Holiday Cottages | The Travel Chapter Limited is registered in England and Wales. | Registered office Travel Chapter House Gammaton Road Bideford EX39 4DF Company No. 02431506 | VAT reg: 143053210.
Manage cookie preferences
By selecting “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage and assist in our marketing efforts. You can change your cookie preferences at any time by visiting the Cookie settings. TheCookie Notice page also outlines the cookies that we use and their purpose.
Accept all cookies
Cookie settings