Login
Digital Food Safety
Safety Services
Health and Safety Software
Safety Training
Your Safety,
Your Way:
All-In-One
Safety Solutions
Effortlessly manage safety tasks, achieve total compliance and experience complete peace of mind with safety solutions that are personal to you. 💫
Get in touch today

Safety Solutions tailored to your needs






Are you finding juggling multiple safety suppliers and platforms a hassle?

Navitas Safety offers a comprehensive solution for all your safety needs, eliminating the need for multiple vendors. 💻 With our convenient single-sign-on platform, you can efficiently manage everything in one place, simply.

Our tailored packages are designed to meet your specific requirements, ensuring a seamless experience and optimal safety, without paying for services that you don’t need.
Digital Food Safety
Safety Services
Health & Safety Software
Safety Training
Digital Food Safety
Be EHO ready 24/7, get 360° visibility
and ensure guaranteed accuracy with an automated hardware and software system. The ultimate food safety solution for the highest safety standards.
Discover more
Intuitive and easy to use
Simplify your food safety management system with digital checklists, task reminders and safety dashboard.
Automated temperature alerts
Save time with hands-free reporting of appliance temperatures and instant non-compliance alerts.
In-built guidance for correct processes
Safely manage your daily food service cycle, with built-in HACCP rules and automated temperature data logging.
Safety Services
Need a helping hand to elevate your safety standards? Our environmental health experts have been supporting businesses with their auditing, policy development, incident management and more; all with a personal touch for over 35 years.
Explore our services
Health & Safety Software
Delegate the work to our Health and Safety Software and get total confidence. Utilise our audit management, risk assessment and incident management software to protect your people, properties and reputation with ease.
See it for yourself
Safety Training
Motivate your teams and establish safety confidence with CPD accredited & EHO approved training. Choose from our e-learning course library, in-person training or bespoke course development.
View courses
Start finding the right Safety Solutions for you:

Health and Safety Audit
Incident Reporting Software
Risk Assessment Software
Food Safety Software
Wireless Temperature Monitoring
Food Temperature Probe
Safety that's personal
We have 35 years of expertise providing safety solutions for 13,000+ businesses globally, with a personal touch.

From health and safety audits, to wireless temperature monitoring and bespoke online safety training, Navitas Safety are safety partners you can depend on.



Learn how we personalise our safety solutions to our lovely partners:
"It has been a pleasure to build and
collaborate with such a professional team."
Five Guys develop a new Global Food Safety auditing program and learning platform.
Health & Safety Software | Safety Services | Safety Training
Read the full story →



Safety Blog
Sharing is caring - we love to share our food safety expertise. Our blog is where we share our passion for all things safety, including the latest trends in the foodservice and hospitality industry.
Read our blogs
Free Resources
Let us take the weight off your shoulders! Our lovely experts are constantly sharing their best tips and tricks, which we turn into handy tools so you can master all of your food, fire and health & safety needs.
Enjoy for free
Webinars
Our specialists regularly record free and on demand webinars – just for you. Whether on-the-go or at home, empower yourself with our expert advice. Give our latest a go and sign up today!
Watch now
So, how can we support you?
Let's chat about the safety solutions for you!



Tell us a bit more about your safety needs to get the ball rolling - we'd love to know anything and everything!

We'll reach back out to you shortly with all the information you need to supercharge your safety solutions.
Let's chat!
By submitting your details you agree to the terms outlined within our privacy policy and terms and conditions.
Login
Get in touch
hello@navitassafety.com
Unit 7 Grove Court, LE19 1SA
Company 🧡
Our Story
Careers
Success Stories
Latest News
Resources
Blog
Free Safety Tools
Free Webinars
Sustainability
© 2024 Navitas Digital Safety Ltd. All rights reserved. Company number: 08861678
Legal Bits
|
Privacy Policy