Open Menu
WELCOME TO
THORNTON LODGE
LUXURIOUS AND TRANQUIL
Wensleydale's 5 Star Country House Escape
Located close to Hawes and Aysgarth Falls, in the Yorkshire Dales National Park, Thornton Lodge, built in 1909 as a holiday home for wealthy industrialists, has been our home since 2004 and welcomed guests since 2006. Set in large private grounds in open countryside along a quiet lane, Thornton Lodge provides a peaceful haven amid fine period features and modern comforts. Guests enjoy watching the wildlife in the garden, ranging from the occasional deer, red squirrel or badger to plentiful rabbits, free ranging hens and the robotic lawnmower! 
Please check out our rooms if you're looking for a relaxed stay in very agreeable, child free surroundings. From the high quality sprung beds, egyptian cotton bedding, white company toiletries, varied in room hot drink choices, modern ensuite bathrooms and tasteful decor you can   easily see why this has remained one of North Yorkshires highest rated getaways. Add to that the large rooms, reasonable rates, beautiful setting, genuinely warm welcome and delicious breakfasts complete with fab homemade preserves I love making, along with free range eggs from my pet hens and there really is no reason not to give us a try.  We're also surrounded by an abundance of different villages with great places to eat out at on an evening. I'm not licensed, but provide fridges, glasses and bottle openers in each room so please feel free to bring your own drinks to enjoy at the house. I have a lovely large guest lounge and orangery for guests to relax in.

Please do use this website to book online as it has the best rates and availability, with a £10 per night difference against the rates charged on booking.com. You're also welcome to email me to ask questions and it's always nice to speak to people too. However you choose to book, I'd be delighted to welcome you to Thornton Lodge, to experience one of Yorkshire's finest luxury five star bed and breakfast holiday destinations, set in beautiful grounds in open countryside. Please note, it isn't possible to bring your dog to stay at the house with you.
My 2023 season ended in September and I am closed until Friday 31st May 2024. My last night for guests in the 2024 season will be Saturday 21st September.

ROOMS
ROOM ONLY FOR GUESTS WITH MOBILITY DIFFICULTIES DOUBLE (6FT WIDE BED) EN-SUITE ROOM (INC. BREAKFAST)
Check Details
SINGLE ROOM (INC. BREAKFAST)
Check Details
FOUR POSTER (6FT WIDE BED) DOUBLE ENSUITE ROOM FOR 2 PEOPLE
Check Details
LATEST REVIEWS
Amazing
We stayed here for a couple of nights at the beginning of June. The house is just amazing up a very private drive we felt that we had arrived at a proper country house. Huge lawn and plenty of parking. Vanessa is a fantastic host. She made us a pot of tea straight away. which was served in the loung
J
GALLERY VIEW ALL
FACILITIES
Country Retreat
Credit Cards Accepted
Free Parking
Romantic Breaks
Free Wifi
CONTACT US
Thornton Lodge
Thornton Rust
Leyburn
North Yorkshire
DL8 3AP
01969 663375
email
REVIEW SUMMARY
5
Excellent
5
100%
4
0%
3
0%
2
0%
1
0%
Home|Booking |Privacy Policy
Copyright 2024 All Right Reserved - Hotel Website Powered by Queensborough Group

{
Best Direct Prices
Click here
}