Download
Support Request
01162438426
Get a FREE Quote
Phone Systems
Broadband
Mobiles
Plans and Pricing
Home Landline
By Industry
Door Entry System
About Us
More
Digital Transformation
  With
The VoIP Shop
Business Cloud Phone Systems
Contact Us
BREAKING NEWS:
The VoIP Shop "GP VoIP connect" Phone System for Medical Practices has been Approved as a provider and has been listed on the Advanced Cloud Telephony 'Better Purchasing framework' for NHS England
VoIP Phone Systems Special Offer
01st APR to 31st MAY - Easter
Limited Period Only
:
:
:
Days
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
Get a FREE Quote
90 days only
use code: EASTER60
Get a Free Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 Desktop Phone Offer Now
Standard
Complete cloud phone system for businesses
from
£13.95
£12.95
/MONTH/USER
Buy Now
Quick Quote
 
2000 Mobile and Landline mins
Free Desk phones ( Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 )
Dedicated direct line
Mobile and Desktop App
Click to Dial
Three Way Conference
40+ Phone System Features
FREE Support and Maintenance
 
New title
MOST POPULAR
Premium
Best flexible teams and departments
from
£15.95
£14.95
/MONTH/USER
Buy Now
Quick Quote
 
Unlimited Mobile and Landline Calls
Free Desk phones ( Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 )
Dedicated direct line
Mobile and Desktop App
CRM Integrations and Click to Dial
Conference Calling System
40+ Phone System Features
FREE Support and Maintenance
 
Ultimate
Ultimate solution flexible teams and departments
from
£24.95
£19.95
/MONTH/USER
Buy Now
Quick Quote
 
Unlimited Mobile and Landline Calls
Free Desk phones ( Yealink T42 or Polycom VVX400 )
Dedicated direct line
Mobile and Desktop App
CRM Integrations and Click to Dial
Conference Calling System
40+ Phone System Features
FREE Support and Maintenance
Popular CRM integrations with Salesforce, Zendesk, and more
Call Recording System
 
Digital Transformation for Healthcare Professional
Transform Your Communications with GP VoIP connect
Digital transformation is crucial for healthcare professionals looking to enhance their communications. GP VoIP Connect offers a seamless and efficient way to connect with patients and colleagues. By utilising this service, healthcare professionals can streamline their communication processes, improve patient care, and increase overall efficiency. Embrace digital transformation with GP VoIP Connect and revolutionise your healthcare communications today.
Book a Demo
The ALL-IP Future - Cloud-Based Business VoIP Phone Systems
What is the All-IP future?
For all UK enterprises, the All-IP network represents the future of communication.
As we transition from an analogue, telephony-led strategy to a digital-based, connectivity-first future, new Single Order (data only) connectivity and hosted voice solutions will replace all broadband and voice products that presently run via the existing copper telephone network.
Open-reach announced in 2018 that the PSTN and ISDN networks would be retired in 2025, requiring consumers to migrate to a future-proof replacement product before the deadline.
Learn About The Journey to an ALL-IP Future →
The UK's #1 Business VoIP Phone Systems
Cloud Phone Systems
Need Seamless Flexible Working, Business Continuity or a Scalable System? Suffering from Escalating Costs? We can save you money and enable you to become more flexible as a business, we can help improve the way you work with our phone system.
Get more details →
Remote Working
With The VOIP Shop, you’re opening the door for a seamless remote working experience offering employee empowerment, fluid team collaboration and enhanced connectivity.
Get more details →
SOGEA Broadband
Single Order Generic Ethernet Access (SOGEA) is a new standalone broadband-only product. SOGEA (VDSL) is available wherever we have rolled out Fibre to the Cabinet (FTTC) meaning customers can get download speeds of up to 80Mbps.
Get more details →
Microsoft Teams
Enhance your existing phone system with Office 365 and The VoIP Shop Use Microsoft Teams as your Phone System We can integrate your existing phone system and your phone number to work directly from Microsoft Teams.
Get more details →
Trusted By
How to implement a Home/Remote working solution within 24 hours
The VoIP Shop mobile VoIP calling app for Windows Desktop, iPhone, Android, and MAC transforms any computer, mobile device, or tablet into an all-in-one communication hub that's completely synced to the office network, allowing your employees to communicate with colleagues and customers from anywhere there's a broadband connection, allowing them to be more responsive.
The desktop app runs on your computer's desktop and combines the call-handling functionality of a desk phone with the new ways you communicate today, like as conferencing and web meetings—so everyone can stay connected with fewer devices to manage.
How to Setup Remote Working
Remote Working - Mobile Calling app
One app for everything and for everyone.
Cloud-based calling, meetings, and messaging for teams of all sizes.

You can work productively from your tablet or smartphone with The Voip Shop®.
Make calls, receive faxes, participate in conference calls, transfer files, check voicemail, and initiate web meetings with ease. Furthermore, The Voip Shop is BYOD-friendly, allowing you to use your own device without affecting your professional identification.
Benefits of Business VoIP Systems
VoIP (voice over IP) is the latest form for business telephony. The VoIP Shop will discuss the benefits of VoIP telephone systems and IP telephony to your business. 

VoIP has many benefits over traditional phone systems. Implementing this advanced communications technology will benefit virtually every business. We've compiled a list of the top VoIP benefits into a concise and easily-understood format.
Affordable cost
Top Quality Calls
Easy Conferencing
Access Anywhere 
More efficient use of bandwidth
Upgradable Additional Features
Installation, configuration, and maintenance are easy
High effective communication
Network adjustable
Faxing over IP
Flexible pricing plans  designed for your Business
Trusted by 100,000 business users
Your new VoIP Phone System:
Unlimited Calls
Get Unlimited National, Local and Mobile Calls in the UK.

Lots of Bundled features
Included in your price, you get Voicemail, Call Reporting, Conference Calls, Voicemail to email and a dedicated App for mobile.

Fast and Efficient Installation
It’s easy to install and simple to learn which means staff require minimal training and avoids disruption amongst staff and IT departments.

Business Critical Reliability
Resilience is built into the core of the Voip Phone System. Our telephone systems are relied upon by Taxi firms, Colleges, 24/7 Nursing homes, GP Surgery’s, Insurance Companies and more.
GET 10% DISCOUNT WITH ONLINE QUOTE
Contact Name
Business Name
Contact Number
Email Address
Number of Phones Required

























Cloud Phone Systems
Unified Communications 
Phone System
Cloud Call Centre
Call Conferencing System
VoIP Phone System
Business Phone System
3CX Phone System
Cisco Webex Phone System
Business Mobile Sim Only
Virtual Numbers
Door Entry Systems
VoIP Hardware
CRM Integration
Call Recording
IVR System
Microsoft Teams
Business Broadband
Fibre Broadband
Ethernet Leased Lines
Wireless Mobile Broadband



FAQs
Answers to some of our most commonly asked questions…
What is VoIP and what is a cloud-based VoIP phone system?


Are VoIP calls good quality?

What's the minimum internet speed I need?


How does a cloud-based phone system work with my mobile?





How reliable are cloud-based phone systems?




How easy is it to set up a cloud-based VoIP system (and what support do I get)?



Is a cloud-based VoIP phone system secure?



What equipment do I need?




How much would I pay for a cloud-based Business phone system?



Why should I get a cloud-based VoIP phone system from The VoIP Shop??



What is VoIP phone and how does it work?
Are there long distance charges for VoIP?
Who uses a VoIP phone?
Do you need special phones for VoIP?
What are the disadvantages of VoIP?
How is the quality of VoIP calls?
What is SIP Trunking?
Is Call Recording available?




Are Internal calls FREE?
What are the features available on VoIP Phone System?



Downloads
Download the brochure ( 462 KB)

Read about the benefits of Business Cloud Phone Systems       
Our guide to IP Phones ( 5.8 MB )

View our portfolio of IP phones 
Minimum system requirements ( 350 KB)

Is your business ready for Business Cloud Phone System?       
The VoIP Shop is Now Approved NHS Cloud Telephony Supplier in UK!
The VOIP Shop is Accredited as an NHS-approved Advanced cloud-based Telephony Better Purchasing Framework (BPF) Supplier in the UK.
Compare Home Phone and Landlines Deals in the UK
Get our best home phone deals with cheapest plan with top-notch service. Compare packages, prices, and pick the perfect house telephone deal for you.
Best Ringblaze Alternatives in UK 2024 - Reviewed By Unified Communication Experts
We Compared 5 Ringblaze alternatives side by side, comparing features, pricing and customer service, here are our findings.
Explore The VoIP Shop Blogs and News


The Leading VoIP Provider in UK - Customer Testimonials
Our mission is to offer top-quality service that our clients can trust. You'll have your account manager, who will assist you directly. Could you not rely on us to tell you about it? Read what our customers say about us:
“Always there to help our businesses. Even when our outgoing provider had difficulties due to the current situation, the team at The Voip Shop worked tirelessly until the problems were resolved. Glad we made the switch..”
Zakir Daud
Eazi Apps
Click to Learn More
“The team are very responsive and have been since my initial enquiry through to setup and ongoing customer service. Setup was simple, guidance was great. Haven’t had any issues to date with the service and the team have been quick to answer any queries and changes we have required for our business. Highly Recommended!”
Matthew Pitcher
Seven Life Sciences
Click to Learn More
The VoIP Shop is UK GDPR Compliant and Cyber Essential Certified
Through our subscription to Naq, we have met all requirements defined within the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) as defined in section 3(10) of the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018), supplemented by section 205(4).

This page details exactly what we have done to achieve this compliance. If we process your data and you wish to exercise your rights under the UK GDPR, please submit a Data Subject Request using the button below.
Providing Business Telephone Systems for businesses in and around the UK : Leicester,  Peterborough, Northampton, Derby, Coventry, Bedford,
Norwich, Cambridge, Birmingham, Sheffield, Leeds, Bradford, Nottingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Bristol, Newcastle, Sunderland, Wolverhampton,
Glasgow, Southampton,  Portsmouth, London, Cardiff, Belfast, Edinburgh, Dundee, United kingdom, Healthcare, GP Surgeries and Doctors,
Solicitors & Legal Services, Estate Agents, Manufacturing Plants, Construction Industry, Local & Central Government, Financial Services, High Tech,
Professional Services, School and Education, Remote Working, VoIP Providers UK, VoIP Telecommunication Service Provider, UK Area Code Phone Numbers
Best Broadband Deals & Internet Provider for businesses  and Home in and around the UK : Salisbury
Home
About Us
Phone Systems
Plans and Pricing
Technical Support
News
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
Sitemap
Phone: +44116 243 8426
Email: support@thevoipshop.co.uk
Address:  TheVoIPShop,
Dock, Pioneer Park,
75 Exploration Drive,
Leicester.
LE4 5NU
Follow Us
Get Directions
FREE VIP Membership! Join our VIP email list!


Be one of the first to see some of our latest Mobile SIMS deals, Phone System deals, Broadband and special VIP offers and FREE stuff!

No fee, completely FREE. We do not share our mailing list with others, and , you may unsubscribe at any time.

If you do not wish to receive discount CODES or OFFER, please un-subscribe from email link sent by system.
© Copyright 2024 All Rights Reserved ( TheVoIPShop is a trading style used by Transltr Ltd and TheVoIPShop Limited. Transltr Ltd is an authorized 3CX Gold Partner. )