Skip to content
Menu
Advisors
TPAs
Providers
Partnerships in Action
TPAbenchmark.com is a service of Hynes Associates, focused on helping connect Retirement Plan Advisors, Third-Party Administrators (TPAs) and Providers to write MORE business together.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
Who We Are
TPAbenchmark.comSM is a community of high-quality, growth oriented TPA firm owners coast-to-coast.  We look forward to sharing how TPAbenchmark.comSM can help you (TPA firm owners) grow, save and connect with new distribution partners.
Learn More
TPA Events
At TPAbenchmark.com we host a series of TPA owner focused events each month, from marketing and sales forums for owners, to member-owner, practice management round-tables spanning topics to help owners grow, increase efficiency & profitability. 
  Learn More
Looking to Sell?
If you are a TPA owner, who is thinking about selling their practice, we invite you to contact us.  We (Hynes Associates) have qualified buyers on-hand, that we can introduce you to and we can help you navigate the process.  All introductions are confidential.
Learn More
Introduction to TPAbenchmark.com
At TPAbenchmark.com, we are a community of 100 top TPA owners nationwide!  At TPAbenchmark.com, we are privileged to work with many of the finest TPA owners in the country, delivering economic savings, value-added marketing support, thought leadership and collaboration, and recruiting to help our owners find and hire top retirement plan talent!  We invite you to learn more about us, by contacting me at dawn@hynesassociates.com, to see how we can help you! 
Planning for 2024 Events
We were honored to be asked by Transamerica Retirement Services, to speak at their December Speaker’s Bureau, and share with TPAs from across the country, a presentation on the Importance of Developing a Business Plan for 2024. We greatly enjoyed participating in this forum and extend our special thanks to Transamerica for the opportunity. I am pleased to share the video recording of this session from December 5, 2023, with all our TPA partners, who would benefit from this session. 
https://transamerica.qumucloud.com/view/VYucr67gBSKxgB3MiVy55I
Upcoming Events
At TPAbenchmark.com, we host multiple events every month to help our owners, connect with new distribution, achieve savings through economic discounts, and improve their practices, through collaboration on efficiency, profitability and sales ideas.  We look forward to having you join us for one of our upcoming events, so you can see how the power of our community can help take your TPA practice to the next level.
2024 Best Practice Events
for TPA Owners
A monthly series hosted by Hynes Associates
ASPPA Credit Awarded
Sharpen your marketing and sales practice
Valuable insights from Top Industry Peers
Celebrating 20 years in business
Hynes Associates
Partnering with TPA Owners
Contact Us for More Information
Learn More About Our TPABenchmark Events
Looking to Sharpen Your Practice?
TPAbenchmark.com is a community of a high quality TPA firm owners coast-to-coast.  We help TPA firm owners, GROW, SAVE and develop solutions to remain independent through our powerful COMMUNITY. 
Contact us to learn more about the benefits of our community.   
Get Started Today
Copyright © 2024 TPA Benchmark.
Book a 15 Minute Call with Dawn to Learn More