Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Accept
Deny
View Preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Download Our "Banking & Fintech Handbook"🔥🆕
Keep your users engaged and drive growth
With the leading self-serve Customer Engagement platform for cross-channel experiences
Request a Demo
Netmera is awarded the Best Marketing Automation Technology by MarTech Awards
Learn More
Take your marketing to the next level
Power your campaigns with Netmera. Boost their impact with a personalized, cross-channel approach. Take advantage of your owned media sources to drive higher engagement and improve retention. Churn won’t be a problem for you any more.
Connect with your users more easily than ever
Build omnichannel campaigns easily
Segment your users and create personalized campaigns with Netmera’s drag-and-drop dashboard. It’s all yours! You have complete control of your campaigns.
The best performance, at any scale
Our best-in-class infrastructure allows brands to scale up without having any performance problems. Sending millions of push notifications in a few seconds is a piece of cake. Performance and reliability at any scale.
Your messaging delivered indeed
100% Reliable. Trusted for mission-critical messaging of all industries including Banking and Telecom.
Premium support
Support and success teams guide you all along the way, with regular follow up meetings. Yes, like an extension of your team.
500+
million app users
5 min
to create and publish a campaign on Netmera dashboard
35%
uplift in LTV
Netmera gives you all the growth tools you need.
Different channels complete each other. Reach your users the right way with Netmera’s omnichannel engagement platform.
Mobile Push Notification
Keep your users coming back to your app with personalized mobile notifications. Increase your app traffic and boost your conversions.
Mobile In-App
Better engage users who are actively using your app with targeted messages, pop-ups, or surveys that urge them to complete key in-app actions.
Customer Journey
Every customer takes a different journey. Craft high-impact journeys, create personalized experiences, and engage with your customers across channels. Reach them wherever they are.
Web Personalization
Personalize on-page elements without the need of coding in the blink of an eye. Communication tailored to your customers’ needs make it easier to get the results you want.
Web Pop-Up
Get your message in front of your audience in all the channels, grow constantly. Choose one of our pre-built templates that best suit your brand or simply create a new one.
Web Push Notification
Catch your visitors’ attention even offsite and ensure that they come back to your site with desktop and browser notifications. New blog post, abandoned cart reminder, promotion or product announcements…
SMS
Give your users a connected experience across all channels. Whether it’s transactional or marketing related messages, use SMS to reach your customers anywhere. Your secret weapon for retention.
E-mail
Use emails as part of your omnichannel strategy. Easily design and send e-mails that get noticed. Win back your lost or inactive users that you can’t reach with push notifications.
Hear what our customers say
Ataç Tansuğ
Executive Vice President, Digital Services&Solutions - Turkcell
PREV
Since we have started to work with Netmera, we feel like we are now capable of doing more than we could. We were already using Netmera for our push notification, pop-up and analytics needs to reach out to our 39.4 million subscribers. With this product, we can now set up feedback forms in a few minutes and collect instant feedback which allows us to gain insights, and take actions more freely and fast. We can have real-time data. Netmera also allows us to edit our campaigns whenever we want before publishing, and everything is editable. We feel more confident and free while working on our campaigns. Analyzing our campaigns is also easier and more measurable.
NEXT
Easy integrations with the tools you already use
We integrate with all the leading solutions. Just to name a few:
Proven. Tested. Trusted.
4.8/5 Overall Score
Check out the objective reviews about Netmera’s Services and Products by leading brands.
Latest Blog Posts
Everything You Need To Know About Predictive Segmentation
This blog post will explain how businesses use predictive analytics to understand customer behavior and create personalized strategies.
Read More >
5 Marketing Trends To Follow in 2024
 In this blog post, we will dive deeper into some of the key trends and predictions shaping the future of marketing for 2024.
Read More >
Behavioral Segmentation: 6 Examples and Strategies
Join us on this exploration as we tell you how marketers can use behavioral segmentation to fine-tune their campaigns
Read More >
View more posts
Let's engage and retain more users
Request a Demo
Subscribe to our newsletter
I have read and accept the privacy policy. I would like to receive emails from Netmera. I reserve the right to opt-out at anytime
Products
Customer Journeys
Web Personalization
Mobile A/B Testing
Data & Analytics
Surveys & Feedback
Mobile Engagement
Funnels
Customer Data Platform
Channels
Mobile & Web Push
Mobile In-App
Web Pop-Ups
E-mail
SMS
Feedback Button
Industries
Media and Entertainment
Banking and Finance
Retail and E-commerce
Travel And Hospitality
Telecommunication
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Partners
Careers
Open Positions
Referral Program
Resources
Blog
Glossary
Resources
Success Stories
News
Developer and User Guide
© 2024 — Netmera. All Rights Reserved.   |   Privacy Policy   |   Cookie Policy (EU)   |   GDPR   |   KVKK