  WE ARE THE MASCOT ANIMATION WIZARDS
WE ARE A LEAGUE OF MAGICIANS
It’s no secret that brand mascots help build empathy among your fans. Now you can supercharge that positive connection with short, highly-shareable cartoons starring your mascot for social media and beyond.
ANIMATING MASCOTS FOR BRANDS
When we say shareable, we mean it: Our cartoons are crafted by pros as if they were miniature TV shows, not ads. This way, they increase familiarity, engagement and connection with your brand organically.
LOOKING TO DELIGHT THEIR FANS.
We start by taking a full 360° strategic assessment of your brand's positioning, goal, tone and voice. Only then do we create three short cartoons that'll leave your fans saying: 'More, please'.
I created Wivern to give clubs and companies a cost effective way of animating their brand mascot to boost fan affinity online.

Our team is comprised of 40+ experienced brand consultants, screenwriters, animators and voiceover artists working internationally.

We join forces online to create broadcast-quality animation and storytelling that's shaped by a clear understanding of what makes your brand human.

This humanity is then combined with simplicity, warmth and humour to create content that speaks across cultures. Universality is our promise.
- CREATIVE PRODUCER & FOUNDER -
JEROME GOERKE
selected clients
Brand Mascot Case Study
  RRB MEDIA - PITTIPLATSCH
services

360° Brand & Goal Assessment
Story & Script Development
Story Art & Storyboarding
Character & Mascot Design
Moodboards & Animatics
Illustration & Title Design
Brand Mascot Animation
2D and 3D Animation possible
Jingle composition and recording
Live Action production (in Germany)
Incorporation into apps, signage and ticketing machines
Voiceovers in 20+ languages
  Sample Animation
  JUMPY PUPPY
get in touch
Request a quote or schedule a video call here. We’ll respond quicker than it takes to release a genie from a lamp.
Life’s like a movie.
Write your own ending.
- JIM HENSON
Wivern Digital
Brand Mascot Animation
Globally made. Assembled in Berlin, Germany.

By using our website, you consent to cookies:

Imprint & Privacy