This website uses cookies
We use necessary cookies to make it easier to browse our website. We would also like to set cookies to gain insight into advertising campaigns, understand our website useage, and help us display appropriate ads to you. If you accept these cookies, we will share information about your use of our website with our advertising and analytics partners.
To learn more, visit our Cookie Policy, or to manage your preferences, click ‘customise cookies’. Please note if the banner is closed by clicking on the X that the default settings will be left unchanged and browsing can continue without cookies other than the necessary ones.
ALLOW ALL COOKIES
CUSTOMISE COOKIES
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
READ OUR LATEST MARKET OUTLOOK
WisdomTree Market Outlook
March 2024
WELCOME TO THE FUTURE
OF INVESTING

Please choose an investor type and accept the terms & conditions to get started.

INDIVIDUAL INVESTOR
PROFESSIONAL INVESTOR
Terms & Conditions

Important Notice
If you are not classified as a Professional Investor, we will categorise you as a Retail Investor. At this time, we cannot send communications directly to Retail Investors. You are welcome to view the contents of this website and to register your details so we have a record for the future, however we will not send you any materials directly.

Jurisdictions in the European Economic Area (“EEA”): This website and its content has been provided and is maintained by WisdomTree Ireland Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.

Jurisdictions outside of the EEA: This website and its content has been provided and is maintained by WisdomTree UK Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority.

This website is provided for your general information only and does not constitute investment advice or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any investment..

Nothing on this website is advice on the merits of any product or investment, nothing constitutes investment, legal, tax or any other advice nor is it to be relied on in making an investment decision. Prospective investors should obtain independent investment advice and inform themselves as to applicable legal requirements, exchange control regulations and taxes in their jurisdiction.

This website complies with the regulatory requirements of the United Kingdom and Ireland. There may be laws in your country of nationality or residence or in the country from which you access this website which restrict the extent to which the website may be made available to you.

United States Persons
The information provided on this site is not directed to any United States person or any person in the United States, any state thereof, or any of its territories or possessions.

Access to this site is restricted to Non-U.S. Persons outside the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Each person accessing this site, by so doing, acknowledges that: (1) it is not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) and is located outside the U.S. (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act); and (2) any securities described herein (A) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction and (B) may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except to persons outside the U.S. in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act pursuant to the terms of such securities. None of the funds on this website are registered under the United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act").

Exclusion of Liability
Certain documents made available on the website may have been prepared and issued by persons other than WisdomTree UK Limited or WisdomTree Ireland Limited. This includes any prospectus. WisdomTree UK Limited and WisdomTree Ireland Limited are not responsible in any way for the content of any such document. Except in those cases, the information on the website has been given in good faith and every effort has been made to ensure its accuracy. Nevertheless, WisdomTree UK Limited and WisdomTree Ireland shall not be responsible for loss occasioned as a result of reliance placed on any part of the website and it makes no warranty as to the accuracy of any information or content on the website. The terms and conditions applicable to investors will be set out in the relevant prospectus, available on the website and should be read prior to making any investment.

Risk Warnings
You should always bear in mind that:
The investment performance of any security referred to on this website can be volatile and can go up or down and you can lose your entire investment.
Past performance is not an indication of future performance.
Rates of exchange may affect the value of investments.
Applications to invest in securities referred to on this website must only be made on the basis of the relevant prospectus.
Investors should refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” in the relevant prospectus for further details of these and other risks associated with an investment in the securities offered by the Issuers before investing.

Cookies
WisdomTree UK Limited and WisdomTree Ireland Limited may collect data about your computer, including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and other similar purposes. These are statistical data about users' browsing actions and patterns, and they do not identify any individual user of the website. This is achieved by the use of cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is put on your computer if you agree to accept it. By clicking 'I agree' below you are consenting to the use of cookies as described here. These cookies allow you to be distinguished from other users of the website, which helps WisdomTree UK Limited and WisdomTree Ireland Limited provide you with a better experience when you browse the website and also allows the website to be improved from time to time. Please note that you can adjust your browser settings to delete or block cookies, but you may not be able to access parts of our website without them.

















ACCEPT TERMS & CONDITIONS
Alternatively, visit our corporate website for more information about WisdomTree.

EXPLORE