HOMEABOUT US
OUR SERVICESOUR PROVIDERS
PATIENT RESOURCES
MS Center of Tidewater
The MS Center of Tidewater is a multidisciplinary center for the diagnosis, treatment, and ongoing care of individuals with Multiple Sclerosis. Our director is a Neurologist who is fellowship-trained in MS care. Our staff includes an MS-trained Registered Nurse, a dedicated Infusion Nurse team, and an MS-trained Nurse Practitioner.
The MS Center of Tidewater has been named as a Partner in MS Care - Center for Comprehensive Care
Norfolk Location
Halifax Building
6161 Kempsville Circle, Suite 315
Norfolk, Virginia 23502
Phone 757-461-5400
Fax 757-461-3305
We are open Mon through Thurs: 8 am - 5 pm and Friday: 8 am - 4:30 pm
We are always closed on the following holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Other closures will be posted in the office.

  Our MS Team
Krzysztof Romanowski, MD
Cori Brander, AGAC, NP-BC
Our Services
Consultation and Treatment
Dr. Krystof Romanowski is fellowship trained in diagnosing and treating patients with MS. He will perform a thorough review of any available records, MRI scans, or other medical data. He will also do a complete neurological examination, determine the necessity of diagnostic testing, if any, and work with you to develop a treatment plan tailored specifically to your needs. The Center provides all standard, proven, and FDA-approved therapies for the treatment of the disease itself, as well as for its related symptoms.
Infusion
Our skilled nurses are experienced in infusion therapy, knowledgeable of the diseases we treat, and serve as an additional resource for patient education and caregiver support. The newly re-designed infusion suite offers wireless internet and comfortable recliners with the option of privacy curtains.
Ancillary Services
Patients have easy access to ancillary services such as Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Prosthetics and Urology.
  MS Information Links
MS Medication Links – Infusions
MS Medication Links – Oral Medication
MS Medication Links – Injections
Patient Forms
Please click on each form below to download an Adobe Reader® file of that form. Print, fill out, and bring with you to your next appointment.
If you don’t have Adobe Reader on your computer, click here for a free download.
New Patient Forms
Medical Records Release
Disability/Work Capacity
Notice of Privacy Practices
CONTACT US
Phone: 757-461-5400
Fax: 757-461-3305
Halifax Building
6161 Kempsville Circle, Suite 315
Norfolk, Virginia 23502
1000 First Colonial Road, Suite 101
Virginia Beach, Virginia 23454

     

© 2024 NEUROLOGY CONSULTANTS OF TIDEWATER, PLLC
WEBSITE DESIGNED BY STUDIOCENTER