Specialist motor insurance
We make motoring passions and livelihoods possible.
Your customers are always in safe hands with our specialist motor insurance. Available exclusively through UK brokers and backed by the financial stability of Lloyd's of London.
Previous
Fastest way to access Prestige underwriters
ERS Prestige is now on eTrade
Sign up to eTrade
Next
1
2
3
4
Bespoke insurance underwriting specialists
Combining underwriting excellence with market leading data to make fast accurate underwriting decisions for classic cars, super cars, agricultural and commercial vehicles.
Discover our products
Stay Connected
Sign-up to our latest events and view our bite-sized webinars to keep up-to-date with our latest product news.
Learn more
Let’s get down to business
Are you a UK Broker looking for motor insurance you and your clients can rely on?
As the largest specialist A+ rated motor insurer we have over 20 products from the rarest supercars, cherished car collections, commercial motors, agricultural machinery and more.
Fill in the form below and our team will get in touch.
Email*
First name*
Last name*
What types of motor insurance are you interested in?
Personal Motor
Agricultural Motor
Commercial Motor
Motor Fleet
Motor Breakdown
Schemes and Affinities Motor
Please let us know your interest in ERS*
Which type of stakeholder are you?
Existing broker
Potential broker
Policy holder
Staff member
Other
Please select an option from the dropdown menu.
*Please complete the required fields.
I agree to receive marketing emails from ERS.
By submitting this form you are agreeing that ERS may contact you by email regarding its product offerings and latest news. You can opt out at any time. 
The latest
Introducing our new Short-Term Taxi product
Read more
New upgrades to our eTrade platform
Read more
Mastering the Art of Supercar Driving: Tips for Brokers from ERS’ Experts
Read more
© 2024 ERS Insurance
Part of the IQUW Group
ERS Syndicate 218 at Lloyd’s is managed by IQUW Syndicate Management Limited – Registered office: 30 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3BD. Registered in England and Wales No. 00426475. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (FRN 204851).
Careers
About
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Group Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Statement
Modern Slavery Act
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
IQUW Group Tax Strategy
IQUW GROUP Gender Pay Gap Report 2023
ERS Broker Privacy Policy July 2023
ERS Privacy Notice March 2024
Cookies & Privacy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More information
AcceptCustomise