550 Cedar Avenue
P.O. Box 550
Middlesex, NJ 08846
Call Us Today!
(732) 356-9505
Home
Services
Gallery
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
PAVING
No matter what type of paving project you need, trust our expert team to take care of it for you.
MOBILE CRUSHING
Repurpose your old concrete into something you can use. Call us to learn more today!
SITE WORK
Rely on our team to produce the professional results you want. Contact us today!
Schedule an Appointment Today with Us--a Middlesex, NJ Paving and Site Work Contractor
Since 1948, we have been "Moving the Earth" for all types of residential, commercial, and industrial projects, including those for homeowner associations, property management companies, educational institutions, and shopping centers. Our highly experienced team stands behind all work, and our attention to detail and expertise ensures that we get the job done right the first time. Count on us for top-quality services and flawless results, and discover why we are a local leader in our field.
Providing a Solid Foundation
Our expertise in the fields of paving and site work construction combined with our highly experienced staff of estimators, project managers, and field personnel makes Louis N. Rothberg & Son the only choice for your next construction project.
Contact us today for all your paving and site work needs. We are a New Jersey Contractor.
See What Our Customers Are Saying About Us
“I just wanted to take a few moments to compliment you and your crew on the fantastic paving job at Pine Brook Village. Your men worked quickly and efficiently and acted in a professional manner at all times. I was particularly impressed with your foreman Gene. He was most accommodating and we could not have asked for better service. Thank you again for the great job, and feel free to use Pine Brook Villages as a reference for any potential jobs you may have in the future.” – President, Pine Brook Village Board of Directors
L.N. Rothberg & Son, Inc.
550 Cedar Avenue
P.O. Box 550
Middlesex, NJ 08846
Phone: (732) 356-9505
© 2024 Dex Media. All Rights Reserved.