ABOUT USOUR FACULTY SPEECH AND DEBATE CAMP
COACHING CONSULTATIONCONTACT
It’s Time To Apply For Summer 2024! 
We are an award-winning industry leader with two decades of expertise training the nation’s top competitive speakers and debaters. Summit Debate offers an in-person camp with one and two week options at the beautiful UMass Boston Campus, PLUS year-round personalized coaching services. 
APPLY FOR UMASS BOSTON
One week in person “Fundamentals in Public Forum” designed for students with no or limited experience in Public Forum Debate.
Two Week in person “Comprehensive Public Forum Debate” designed for students with or without experience in Public Forum Debate. Using the entire two weeks to cover a full curriculum with several rounds of debate and expanded office hours.  
JOIN US NEXT SUMMER AT UMASS BOSTON
Spaces are available; reserve your spot now! 

All sessions will require a $500 non-refundable deposit. Price for Session II and III
Commuter prices include tuition and dinner on all days. Resident prices include tuition, room, board, and three meals a day. 
As a note: the transportation to and from camp is not included in the price of camp. 
TENTATIVE IN PERSON DAILY SCHEDULE
7:30-9:00am Roll Call/Check-In Breakfast
8:45-9:00am Commuters Arrive and Check-In
9:00-11:30am Lab Event Groups/Lectures/Seminars
11:30-1:00pm Lunch
1:00-5:30pm Event Activities, Workshops, Office Hours, Practice Speeches/Debates
5:30-7:00pm Dinner and Residential Life Activities
7:00-9:00pm Evening Event Seminars and Practice Speeches/Debates
9:00-9:30pm Commuter Checkout and Residents Return to Dorm
9:30-11:30pm Residential Life Activities/Study Time
11:30pm Curfew in Rooms
Schedule and Calendar Notes:
July 14th is an arrival day and registration day, with an all camp meeting at 5pm, followed by dinner and camp opening events until 9:00pm.  All campers should be on campus by 4:30pm on July 14th. 
Week One campers depart on July 21st!
Free Day is July 21st!  2 week residents will have the option to go on walking tours in Boston led by staff from 9:30am until 6:30pm, go home if they live locally, or stay back on campus to rest and relax. 
<br/>
With Other Camp Options Out There, What Sets Summit Debate Apart? 
We are committed to putting skill development first. As a collection of speech & debate coaches, Summit Debate knows we learn best from each other. That’s why even as the educators, we are constantly innovating and developing new ways to reach our students. In order to accomplish high-level debate skills, we have a dedicated award-winning administrative team to help our students and educators. Summit Debate is the only summer institute to have a Student & Staff Development Director. At its core, Summit Debate’s goal is to provide all students an opportunity perfect their craft and be prepared for their debate rounds as well as life-long skills after debate.
<br/>
Meet Our Team
With instructors across Public Forum, Lincoln Douglas, Oratory and all Interp events, the Summit Debate family is led by National Debate Champion coaches and former National Debate Champion competitors. Jenny Cook, National Debate Hall of Fame Awardee, leads the charge to ensure only the highest caliber of expertise is being fostered and every session is transformative.
STAFF PORTAL
Powered by Squarespace