Call us today on 0203 411 1777 to find out more!
Why Taxis?
Formats
Services
Locations
Clients
News
Get in touch
Did you know?
of people see out of home ads weekly.
of ABC1s recall branded cabs.
notice new taxi advertisements.
The UK’s leading taxi advertising agency…
Taxi advertising has the power to influence a vast and varied audience in the UK’s busiest towns and cities. Using something such as the instantly-recognisable London black cab, taxi advertising can bolster your creative campaign and make a big impression on your potential customers.
Taxis can be transformed to carry your branding across a range of innovative and exciting ad formats showcasing your business or product around busy city centres; effectively working as highly visible mobile billboards for all to see.
Why taxis?
Over a Decade of Experience.
London Taxi Advertising has been driving brands to success around the UK for ten years with our experienced team of taxi advertising specialists, committed to providing businesses with effective and affordable advertising solutions. We work with both household names and small start-ups, getting ads on the road on the unique and dependable format that is taxi advertising.

It’s a known fact that branded taxis can help to fuel future purchases, reach important decision makers and increase brand awareness, so transform your business today with London Taxi Advertising.
Where to advertise?
Our Latest Work.
Paul Smith
Learn more about the fully wrapped taxis taking to the streets of London as part of Paul Smith’s global Signature Stripe Celebration.
Read More
Function of Beauty
Showcasing wrapped taxis to take Function of Beauty’s guests to and from their Hairmazing event in Covent Garden.
Read More
Start your campaign today!
Name
(required)
First Name
Last Name
Email
(required)
Company
(required)
Phone
(required)
Submit
Find out 
more about
what we do!
Phone Enquiries
0203 411 1777
Address
Hamilton House, Mabledon Place, Bloomsbury, King's Cross, London WC1H 9BB.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Get in touch!
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
Accept
Decline