V-Cut
Basket
WE CUT, FORM & SHAPE
PREFABRICATED PLASTERBOARD
SPEAK TO AN EXPERT WATCH THE VIDEO BUY PLASTERBOARD PROFILES
  ABOUT V-CUT
PLASTERBOARD PROFILES TO SUIT YOUR DESIGN IDEAS
V-Cut are plasterboard suppliers who specialise in quick and easy plasterboard details to fit your design needs. From simple straight shapes to complex curves and v-cut designs, quickly with minimal waste. We offer bulk buy plasterboard for your projects.
We process plasterboard to allow it to fold and form simple or complex shapes. The benefits are an extremely fast, high-quality installation due to off-site manufacturing saving money and reducing waste.
3D Elements
V-CUT Profiles
LED Light & Plasterboard
Plasterboard Cutting Service
Flexiboard - Flexible Plasterboard
Acoustic Ceiling
SERVICES WE CAN OFFER YOU
If you are looking for prefabricated plasterboard that can be formed and shaped easily for your installation project, then V-Cut is the plasterboard specialist you need.
V cut plasterboard profiles, factory assembled to the highest quality and for quick installation. By creating v-cut boards which are pre-assembled we save you time on-site in construction, ensuring a more stable, safer, and cost-effective assembling process.
  3D plasterboard elements are suitable for light coves and complex ceiling shapes. With CAD design and CNC accurate equipment, we can quickly and efficiently cut customised 3D profiles for your ceiling.
V Cut light profiles suitable for LED lighting and recessed light troughs.
Perforated acoustic plasterboards for better noise reduction in indoor environments.
Plasterboard cutting for quick and easy on-site installation with minimal waste.
V Cut flexiboards suitable for round and curved walls, bulkheads and columns. Our flexiboards are slotted to be able to bend up to a 60mm radius.
Visit our online store to find out how you can bulk buy plasterboard for your needs. For smaller projects contact our regional distributors for more details.
V-Cut creates multiple tailor-made designs based on the individual requirements of our clients. Whatever profile you need, we can create it quickly and efficiently, cutting down on waste and costs that occur using traditional methods.
For quick and easy high-quality plasterboard solutions contact V-Cut today.
SEE ALL PRODUCTS VIEW PROJECTS
SPEAK TO AN EXPERT
We are here to help, please use our contact service here.
VIEW LITERATURE
View our brochures and technical specification collection.
FIND A STOCKIST
Find a stockist in your area or contact us direct.
FLEXIBOARD PLASTERBOARD SUPPLIERS
Curved Plasterboard Walls, Round Ceiling Details
THE POSSIBLE APPLICATIONS ARE ENDLESS.
The Building of a curved drywall with V-Cut Flexiboard is easy. The plasterboard is slotted and simply curves to the required shape.
VIEW FLEXIBOARD
LATEST WORK BY V CUT
Over the years we have been involved in several projects involving high profile clients. Here are a few examples of our work:
We pride ourselves on assisting our customers to complete high-quality construction projects. Have a look at some examples of projects with V-Cut products and solutions.
V-Cut Ltd Supplied the pre-cut plasterboard profiles for raft detail above displays in multiple H & M stores. Our team supplied custom made knife edge bulkhead profiles at an angle of 60 degrees.
V-Cut also created the L shaped bulkheads to all the ceiling perimeters at One Blackfriars, London.
    Our team produced kilometres of light coves and bulkheads for installation into lounges and public areas in Heathrow Terminals 2A, 5A and 5C.
Lift lobby raft panels with double v cut edges were created for London Bridge Place. The team used floating raft detail with edges and corners cut to perfect size and length.
Cutting and shaping of the acoustic board for enhancements to fit demountable wall panels for BG Group in Reading.
Acoustic perforated boards and profiles for Liverpool FC’s Training Facility in Kirkby.
VIEW PROJECTS
HAPPY CLIENTS
V-Cut receives positive feedback from clients for our work on supply for their projects.
When creating profiles for TV recesses in rooms at the Apex Hotel London, the architect and contractor praised our work. Once this project concluded, we had won several commendations for speed and the high quality of our work.
We have also received praise for our use of flexiboards to create curved features along the circular walls and ceilings at a large private house in Wokingham. This fully met the high standards set forth in the contractor’s designs.
V-Cut products remove the need for trimming and jointing, which saved us a lot of time and money. We used the V-Cut 45 degree light coves on a recent Next shop fit out and achieved a perfect sharp return edge detail.
Darren Killeen – Sherwood Interiors Ltd
This is revolutionising the dry-lining industry. We installed over 3000 metres of V-Cut profiles at Heathrow Airport. Without this design the man hours would have been immense. It gave us the opportunity to design and shape off site with no waste on site.
Hedley Pollard Installation Manager Heathrow Terminal 2
V-cut offers an exciting opportunity to economically pre-manufacture plasterboard profiles to suit your design ideas.
      QUICK LINKS
Home
Blog
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Returns and Refunds Policy
Contact us
My account
CONTACTS
V-Cut Ltd
Unit 8 Dundas Close
Portsmouth
PO3 5RB
V-Cut Ltd
3 Thackery Court
75 Turnmill Street
London
EC1M 5SY
+44 (0)20 3092 1377 enquiry@vcut.co.uk
Copyright © 2024 V-Cut
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More information
Continue