Parents
Contact
ICE STORM
Summer 2024
Request Information
Get in touch
(414) 259-0370
Educating children to graduate as informed, engaged, ethically minded citizens of the world that they inherit.
A co-educational private independent day school for students from 18 months through 8th grade.
Request Information
Why Milwaukee Montessori School?
Challenging, Self-Paced Academics
Our students experience an academically stimulating curriculum that can keep pace with their interests and learning style.
Fostering Worldly, Well-Rounded Kids
Here, children gain skills in award winning programs including athletics, technology, foreign language, studio art, and music.
Functional, Social, and, Emotional Focus
We focus on a Growth Mindset; developing children's work ethic, stamina, frustration tolerance, and helping them to grow emotionally and socially.
We know that learning is never linear, so we meet children where they are. We give children the right lesson at the right time, so they are supported when needed and given space to excel when they crave it.
This is exactly what school should be.
This is how we raise young adults.
Our Programs
We offer programs for children 18 months through 8th grade.


Junior High
Grades 7 - 8
Student Stories

How to Apply
1. Submit An Inquiry to Begin the Application Process.
The first step in the admission process is to fill out the inquiry. When the inquiry is received by our Director of Admission, she will review it with the Admissions Committee. 
2. Visit our Campus for a Parent Tour
If the Admissions Committee feels that MMS may be a good fit for your family (we enroll families, not just children!), you will be contacted to schedule a Parent Tour of the school.
3. Schedule a Student Visit
After the parent-only tour, we require all applicants to have a student visit in an effort to assess a good fit.
Student Work Gallery

The Latest from Our Blog
AI Lessons: Environmental Impact of Large Language Models
Learn about the environmental effects of large language models like GPT and how AI development can minimize carbon footprint.
What We're Reading
Discover our recommended books for parents and students at Milwaukee Montessori School (MMS). Explore topics in education, child development, and more!
If you are looking for a cutting edge, meaningful school experience that fosters your child’s academic, athletic, artistic, social, and emotional growth, submit an inquiry to begin the application process!
Request Information
PROGRAMS
Toddler (18 - 36 months)
Children’s House (3 - 6 years)
Lower Elementary (grades 1 - 3)
Upper Elementary (grades 4 - 6)
Junior High (grades 7 - 8)
CONNECT
How to Apply
Contact
Careers
Phone (414) 259-0370
Fax (414) 259 - 0427
Milwaukee Montessori School
345 N 95th St, Milwaukee, WI 53226 United States.
Privacy Policy | Accessibility
© 2024 
Milwaukee Montessori School
Powered by Nido Marketing