About Us
Contact
Legal Notices
The Leader in Unique Properties and Lifestyles
The Keir Weimer Team Engel & Völkers is the Adirondack Park and Upstate NY’s #1 luxury real estate team, backed by the power of the world’s leading luxury real estate brokerage. The Keir Weimer Team is a full-service group of real estate professionals lead by one of the region’s top brokers, Keir Weimer. The Team offers to its buying and selling clients an unparalleled level of service, local market expertise and access to the world’s most powerful marketing platform and global referral network of qualified buyers and sellers. Engel & Völkers is the World’s fastest-growing luxury real estate brokerage. Contact one of our knowledgeable global real estate advisors at The Keir Weimer Team today.
Contact Us
Embark on Extraordinary
On Land, At Sea, or In The Air
From a majestic charter in the Mediterranean to a private flight to your dream vacation destination—for all those unforgettable moments in your life, Engel & Völkers offers exclusive service tailored to your needs.
Voice of Experience
Speaking & Press
Empowering audiences with transformative insights and captivating stories, one event at a time. Dive into a world of knowledge, passion, and inspiration as I take the stage or engage with the media to share experiences, expertise, and vision.
Interested in having Keir speak at your next event?
As Seen On:
Keir is featured regularly as a keynote speaker, panelist and commentator in the media as an expert and authority on various topics in the real estate field. He has also had many of his unique and notable listings featured in major global media outlets, such as The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg, Inman News, Sotheby's International Realty, Realtor.com and many others.
Contact Keir Now
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Whether you're looking to buy, sell, or invest in properties, our experienced team is here to guide you through every step of the process, ensuring a seamless and satisfying experience.
Name
Email
Your Message
Send Message
Keir Weimer
Associate Real Estate Broker
Global Real Estate Advisor
Team President
New York City Office
430 Park Avenue 11th Floor
New York NY, 10022
Lake Placid Office
2284 Saranac Avenue
Lake Placid NY, 12946
Copyright © 2024 • The Keir Weimer Team
Each Engel & Völkers real estate brokerage is independently owned and operated. Engel & Völkers fully supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All listing information is from sources deemed reliable. However, no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness thereof and should be independently verified.