An Elo Elite value-added-reseller partner
Call +44 (0) 330 555 0155        How to buy
PRODUCTS
SOLUTIONS
SERVICES
PARTNERS
CONTACT
Elo touchscreen displays 
from Touchscreens Direct - your one-stop for all Elo Touch Solutions products
With almost twenty years experience of supplying Elo products, we won't just sell you a solution - we can help you to select the right choice of product and touch technology for your needs whether you are looking for a single item or volume quantities making the whole ordering process as simple as possible.
We have access to the widest source of stocks in the UK and Europe for fast worldwide delivery and, as an Elo Elite VAR partner we aim to offer the best pricing possible as well as being able to work with Elo on special projects for greater discounts and stock delivery.
Whatever your touchscreen requirements, call us today.
Request A Quote
Desktop
Touchmonitors
Elo's extensive range of desktop touchscreen monitors are ideally suited for point-of-sale, hospitality, retail and control room applications.

Available in sizes from 7-inch to 27-inch, with a selection of touchscreen technologies and mounting options to suit all requirements.
Find out more
Open-Frame
Touchmonitors
Incorporate industrial-grade interactive display solutions into your application with an Elo open-frame touchmonitor.

Designed for all self-service environments from control rooms, industrial automation, gaming, bespoke kiosk solutions and healthcare.
Find out more
Touchscreen Signage
Develop innovative interactive touchscreen signage solutions with Elo's range of touchscreen signage products from 10-inch to 65-inch. 

From in-store displays to wayfinding applications, interactive menu boards and collaborative meeting room applications, Elo touchscreens can help to create a high -impact experience to attract users.
Find out more
Point of Sale
Solutions
Ideal for all fixed-lane point-of-sale or self-order solutions in Retail, Hospitality, Entertainment and Restaurant environments, we can not only offer an Elo hardware solution but also supply cash drawers, card reader mounts, receipt printers and scanners to compliment your POS system.
Find out more
Handheld
Mobile Devices
Put the power of touch into your hand with the new range of Elo mobile devices.  Built upon the Android operating system platform, Elo handheld devices can be used in a wide array of applications including click-and-collect services, pick-and-pack fullfilment, stock management, table service, clinical communications and much more.
Find out more
Custom
Solutions
Because we understand that one solution does not fit all requirements, we also offer a range of other products such as Asus NUC's, PQ Labs Integration and Overlay kits and Touchtech LIMA software.

Combined with our overall I.T. experience, this allows us to offer value-added solutions such as cloned system builds and much more.
Contact us
Expert Advice
With almost twenty years of experience in selling touchscreen products, we can help to identify the right products and the most suitable technology for your requirements.
Customisable Solutions
We can configure solutions specific to your requirements with hardware upgrades, imaged solutions and pre-installed partner applications.
Worldwide Delivery
We can supply goods anywhere in the world subject to carrier conditions, country-specific restrictions etc.
Customer Reputation
As a leading Elo Elite VAR partner our customers have confidence that we have access to the widest stocks in Europe to satisfy their order requirements.
Latest Products
I-Series 3 for Intel
Pay 7"
2770L
1099L
PRODUCTS
    Desktop Touchmonitors
    Open-Frame Touchmonitors
    Touchscreen Signage
    Touchcomputers
    Mobile Devices
    Point of Sale
    EloView
    Custom Services
SUPPORT
    Support Policy
    Technical Support *
    Downloads *
    Check Warranty Status *
    Request Support *
    * links to external sites
COMPANY
    Blog
    Contact
    About Us
    How to Order
   
    Partners
    
    Terms and Conditions
    Privacy Policy
    Site Directory
CONTACT
    TOUCHSCREENS DIRECT
    Units B5-B6
    The Wren Centre
    Westbourne Road
    Emsworth
    Hampshire
    PO10 7SU
    UNITED KINGDOM
    Tel. +44 (0)330 555 0155
This website was last updated on 16th April 2024
© 2003 - 2024 TOUCHSCREENS DIRECT LIMITED. External content provided by Elo Touch Solutions. E&OE. All rights reserved.
All orders are placed subject to our standard terms and conditions of business, a copy of which is available here.
All prices listed on our website do not include VAT or shipping.  This will be charged at the applicable rates, where required, at time of ordering.