(207) 784-0632
A Tradition of Quality Cleaning since 1998
Jackie’s Cleaning & Maintenance of Lewiston, Maine, provides professional cleaning services and commercial cleaning to keep your business and property looking pristine. 
Contact Us
C
Residential
Commercial
Construction
Products
Carpets
Professional Cleaning and Commercial Cleaning from Lewiston, Maine
Proudly Serving Lewiston, Auburn, Lisbon, Lisbon Falls, Sabattus, Greene, Leeds, Litchfield, Durham, Topsham, Brunswick, Falmouth, Yarmouth, Portland, South Portland, Westbrook, Scarborough, Gray, New Gloucester, Hebron, Minot, Poland, Poland Springs, Mechanic Falls, Oxford, Norway, South Paris
Here We Grow Again!
Jackie’s Cleaning & Maintenance
is hiring full & part-time cleaners for both days & nights. We offer competitive pay and an opportunity for growth.
If you’re detailed, energetic and reliable call 784-0632 for more information.
Contact Us
Grown from Independence
Service truck – Professional Cleaning and Commercial Cleaning in Lewiston, Maine
Independently owned and operated since opening in 1998, Jackie’s Cleaning & Maintenance is one of the largest and most highly recommended cleaning agencies throughout the greater Androscoggin Cumberland areas. Operating with a large team of employees with more than 25 years of experience and working in teams, every project is completed in a manner that shines with professionalism. A team leader inspects each project after completion.
Whatever the job—residential cleaning, construction sites, or carpet cleaning—every one is inspected by one of our team leaders, ensuring everything is done properly and to a level that exceeds expectations.
  A Solid Reputation
Our client list continues to grow due to word of mouth and the stellar services our technicians and crew provide. Everyone working with us takes a great deal of pride in our services and truly believes in making great first impressions.
From private homes to athletic clubs and doctor’s offices to office complexes, our services not only run the gamut but also are sought after time and time again. Count on our professionalism and work ethic. We can provide general services, but also perform non-standard maintenance such as window washing.
Contact us in Lewiston, Maine, for more information about our professional cleaning services.
Browse Our Website:
Residential
Construction
Commercial
Carpets
Products
Gallery
Contact
Contact Information:
Phone: (207) 784-0632
Address: 116 Crowley Rd, Lewiston, ME 04240
Hours Of Operations:
Mon-Fri: 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM
Emergency Services Available
Jackie’s Cleaning & Maintenance | Hosted by Dojo Digital