US +1 (703) 549-5276
UK +44 (0) 20-3769-2522
SERVING THE PUBLIC
SINCE 1943
1
2
3
Ross & Moncure
Ross & Moncure is a tax advisory and accounting firm specializing in small and medium-sized business enterprises (SMEs), high-net-worth individuals, multinational individuals, non-immigrant visa holders, freelancers and contractors, and the US operations of foreign corporations.
The firm provides tax planning and preparation services, highly-customized Professional Employer Organization (PEO) services, and reporting and consulting services relating to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) and cross-border compliance requirements.
Read More
Our Services
High-Net-Worth Individuals
Whether you are a US citizen, US resident or foreign national with assets in the United States, we can help you to efficiently safeguard, grow and distribute your financial resources.
Related Services: individual taxation, estates and trusts, international taxation, retirement planning
Multinationals
Our team assists hundreds of dual- or multi-national individuals to manage their transnational compliance obligations, with a heavy focus on foreign nationals working in the United States. We also help foreign companies to set up offices and subsidiaries in the United States.
Related Services: individual taxation, corporate and partnership taxation, international taxation
US Expatriates
US expatriates encounter many tax-related issues: foreign spouses, foreign-earned income, how to report foreign taxes paid, FACTA reporting, just to name a few. We help expatriates to manage their US compliance obligations to avoid fines and penalties while they are based overseas.
Related Services: individual taxation, international taxation
Employees and Retirees of International Organizations
The US tax treatment of employees of international organizations – whether US citizens, permanent residents, or G4 visa holders – can be difficult to follow. We help employees of international organizations based in Washington, New York and overseas to manage their US compliance obligations.
Related Services: individual taxation, international taxation
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs)
For small and medium-sized business enterprises, the firm provides tax planning and preparation services, payroll processing, and compliance on the federal, state and local levels. In addition, we have experts who can assist you in setting up your recordkeeping and bookkeeping, and can even provide you with the ability to outsource your bookkeeping completely. The firm serves both foreign corporations with offices or subsidiaries in the United States and US-registered corporations, partnerships and non-profit entities.
Related Services: corporate and partnership taxation, PEO / payroll services, accounting services, retirement planning, non-profit taxation
Freelancers and Independent Contractors
Working as a freelancer or independent contractor can be as complicated as running a business. Ross & Moncure helps those in the intellectual property industry to minimize their federal and state tax liabilities and to manage the obligations that arise as a result of not being an employee.
Related Services: individual taxation, PEO / payroll services, accounting services, retirement planning
VIEW ALL
Our Blog
The Inflation Reduction Act Is Here!
23 Aug 2022
We will be organizing seminars and webinars on the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) throughout the fall. Some resources can be found here: The White House Congress.Gov IRS Statement by IRS…
Read More
IRS Tax Tips Page A Great Source of Information
23 Aug 2022
Taxpayers can access excellent general information at: https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/irs-tax-tips. Some recent articles are below, and you can set-up e-mail delivery as articles are published. Businesses can make excise taxes easier by…
Read More
Paycheck Protection Program Round 2 is upon us!
06 Feb 2021
The Economic Aid Act, included in the 2021 Appropriations Act, passed Congress on December 21, 2020, and was signed into law on December 27. Among several other economic assistance provisions,…
Read More
VIEW ALL
Get in Touch with Us
Headquarters:
726 North Washington Street
Alexandria, VA 22314 USA
Phone:
US +1 (703) 549-5276
UK +44 (0) 20-3769-2522
AU +61 (0)2 8317 32516
SE +46 (0)8 1241-0488
CLIENT LOGIN
CREATE ACCOUNT
Questions? Please contact us and we will get back to you as soon as we can!
* indicates required field
NAME:*
EMAIL:*
SUBJECT:*
MESSAGE:*
CAPTCHA CODE:*
About Ross & Moncure
Ross & Moncure is a tax advisory and accounting firm specializing in small and medium-sized business enterprises (SMEs), high-net-worth individuals, multinational individuals, non-immigrant visa holders, freelancers and contractors, and the US operations of foreign corporations.
Quick Links
Home
Services
Blog
Resources
Referrals
FAQ
Careers
Contact Us
Contact
726 North Washington Street Alexandria, VA 22314 USA
US +1 (703) 549-5276
UK +44 (0) 20-3769-2522
info@rossmoncure.com
ROSS & MONCURE © 2019