Remote Maintenance  Support +44-20-351-465-84  Monday - Friday 9.00 am to 5.00 pm CEST
EN
Software
Company
Services
Trial Version

I use AMPAREX, a cloud based software solution


Cloud solutions for your business
A single audiology practice or a large chain?
Our aim is to offer a perfectly adjustable practice management solution for your business. A close cooperation with our customers has helped us to develop a very resourceful and fully featured practice management software. Therefore, when using AMPAREX, your standard workflow tasks like patient management, appointment scheduling, record keeping, inventory control, invoicing or marketing will be streamlined and easy to complete. Your advantages: simple pricing, no minimum contract period, all modules available from the start and free of charge end user support.
AMPAREX for Audiologists
Practice management done easily. Workflow management with individually adjustable processes. Comprehensive marketing features to support long term relationship with patients and to improve patients loyalty. Extensive statistic and reporting tools to help you drive and grow your business. Proficient and skilful end user support.
AMPAREX GmbH
The company was founded in 1995 as an IT consulting company. Back then several large corporate enterprises were among our customers. Since 2005, we offer a universal cloud solution for hearing care providers. At present our customers come from different 16 countries and beside hearing care professionals our software is sold to opticians and therapists. The company is based in Leinfelden-Echterdingen in Germany. Currently, AMPAREX has 61 permanent employees.
As of: 06. May 2024
Customer practices
Countries
Employees
AMPAREX business area
The work on AMPAREX software started in 2003 and from the very beginning we relied on the cloud concept to progress with the development. First customers began to actively use AMPAREX in 2005. Currently more than 3600 practices across Europe work with AMPAREX and every year over 200 new ones join.
You can access your data on AMPAREX at any time and from anywhere. All you need is a stable internet connection. No additional investment in servers, backup solutions or updates will be needed. All data is in the cloud and we will look after the technical infrastructure for you. Learn more »
Our customers
AMPAREX software solutions are successfully used by the following audiologists:
Vorheriges
Nächstes
AMPAREX technology
AMPAREX has always relied on advanced technologies to provide a cost-effective, secure and cloud based industry solution. The close cooperation with our customers has allowed AMPAREX to mature into a practical software with a comprehensive range of functions. At the same time, the highest standards security settings were developed in the background in order to protect the valuable data of our customers.
Cost-effective
The strategic use of proven and license-free Open Source technologies (Java, MariaDB, Wildfly, Linux) plus years of experience of our software architects allowed us for an efficient and also inexpensive software development. We are transferring this benefit directly to you.
Secure
Your data is stored in a highly secure data center and it is protected by encryption technology. To reduce the risk of data loss due to a fire incident, the servers and the backup copies are located in physically separate rooms. All essential hardware components are redundant.
Powerful
Whether patient data handling, record maintenance, appointment arrangements or domiciliary visits: with AMPAREX you can simply perform all those routine tasks with ease. There is no error-prone data replication happening, so you can reach all your branches in real-time.
Get in touch with us!
We are happy to advise you
Please use the contact form below if you have questions regarding our product or company.
First name
Surname
E-mail
Message
Yes, I have read the privacy policy and I agree that the data I provide will be collected and stored electronically. My data will be used for processing and for replying to my request only.
Send
You can reach us as follows
 Support
Monday - Friday
Time slot
9.00 am to 5.00 pm CEST
Phone
+44-20-351-465-84
E-Mail
support@amparex.com
Support request
In AMPAREX Ctrl+F9
 Emergency call
For technical malfunctions
Voicebox
+49-711-21-475-471
 Department
Office
+49-711-21-475-400
  verwaltung@amparex.com
Sales
+44-20-351-465-84
  sales@amparex.com
Shop
+49-711-21-475-402
  shop@amparex.com
Accounting
+49-711-21-475-403
  invoice@amparex.com
Towards a paperless practice
With AMPAREX healthcare software you receive a perfectly adjustable practice management solution tailored for your everyday business needs. Go paperless and save your practice both time and money. Keep your files safe and easily accessible.
Contact
AMPAREX GmbH
Max-Lang-Straße 24
70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen
Germany
Support +44-20-351-465-84
info@amparex.com
Website
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Whistleblower Protection System
Revoke cookies
Sitemap
© 2024 AMPAREX