Skip to content
STUDENTS
FACULTY
GRADUATES
Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT
WHERE TO START
OUR TRAINING
RESOURCES
FIND PRACTITIONERS
ROOM HIRE
CONTACT US
1234
FUNDAMENTALS We offer online and in-person Fundamentals Courses. The Fundamentals course is a deep experiential stand alone course and a prerequisite for all of our training programmes. Click here to apply for one of our online Fundamentals Courses

OPEN EVENTS If you are interested in joining please register online to ensure your place. Click here to register for the next Open Event

ROOM HIRE We are pleased to announce that the refurbishment of our clinic and training rooms (with a new kitchen), is completed and open for use. Click here to visit the Room Hire page.


Information Request
Open Events
Online
8th May 2024
16th May 2024
22nd May 2024
Attend an Open Event
Fundamentals
Online
31 May-2 June 2024
19-21 July 2024
In-Person
6-8 September 2024
Attend a Fundamentals
Training
In-Person Training
October 2023
Distance Learning Training
December 2023
Further Information

SERVING HUMANITY IN TRANSITION

“An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.” Martin Luther King, Jr.

The Institute of Psychosynthesis is a psychospiritual training and self-development centre in North London that offers a wide range of training in psychosynthesis to enable our graduates to make a significant difference in their worlds.

Today many people are asking questions about new ways to live their personal and professional lives. They want to bring a spiritual context to their own lives and make a difference in society and the world at large. Some seek career change, some want to do what they do from a different context – beyond conflict, beyond blame – bringing compassion and an open heart to their worlds. To do so they know they need to transform themselves and their histories and learn different ways to be with themselves and in relationship to others. This is an inner journey of development, a journey to evoke the person that I really am!

We believe we are at the beginning of a new psychological paradigm, a paradigm based on what is emerging in terms of aspiration and serving humanity as a whole.
Roberto Assagioli's Egg Diagram
Map of the Wholeness of the Human Psyche




65A Watford Way, London, NW4 3AQ | +44 (0) 20 8202 4525 | institute@psychosynthesis.org
Privacy Notice
© Institute of Psychosynthesis
Psychosynthesis Research Limited | Company Number: 01489186
Created by Elliot Friedman
Powered by Nirvana & WordPress.