Contact us
For minorities and survivors of atrocity crimes
Yazda is a global community-led institution that protects and champions all religious and ethnic minority communities, including Assyrians, Chaldeans, Kakais, Shabaks, Yazidis, and others in Iraq, Kurdistan Region, and Syria.

Founded in 2014 at the onset of the genocide perpetrated by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), also known as Islamic State in Iraq and Levant (ISIL) or Da'esh, against the Yazidis, as well as war crimes and crimes against humanity against other minorities, Yazda leads advocacy and strategic projects in Dohuk, Sinjar, and the Nineveh Plains (Iraq), as well as global diaspora hubs.
Yazidi Genocide
1,268
murdered
on the first day of attacks in Sinjar
2,763
orphans
as a result of the genocide
6,417
women & girls
forced into sexual slavery and labour
400,000
displaced
living in camps in Iraq and Syria


Learn more
Latest Updates
Highest German court confirms sentence in the first trial ever against an ISIS member for crimes against Yazidi victims
Highest German court confirms sentence in the first trial ever against an ISIS member for crimes against Yazidi victims 5 April 2024 Press statement by victim’s counsel Amal Clooney, Natalie von Wistinghausen and the NGO Yazda Last month, the German Federal Court of Justice confirmed a German ISIS member’s 14-year prison sentence for crimes against humanity, war crimes and membership in a foreign terrorist organization. The now 32-year-old ‘Jennifer W’ travelled to Syria in 2014 to join ISIS. Together with her then-husband – Iraqi national Taha A.-J. – she held a Yazidi woman and her 5-year-old daughter Reda as slaves in their home in Fallujah, Iraq, as part of ISIS’ brutal genocidal campaign against the Yazidis. The Yazidi captives were deprived of sufficient food, forced to follow Islamic rules, and subjected to almost daily beatings. The Yazidi girl ultimately died after the defendant’s husband tied her with a cable to the bars of the outside window and left her hanging there in the scorching heat of up to about 50 degrees Celsius. Although Jennifer W. could have intervened, she did nothing to save her life. Instead, the girl's mother was forced to watch her daughter die a slow death while she was held just metres away inside the house. After the NGO Yazda identified and interviewed the mother, Jennifer W. was put on trial in Germany, with the mother as the key witness. She was represented by a legal team consisting of German lawyers Natalie von Wistinghausen and Wolfgang Bendler and UK barrister Amal Clooney. Jennifer W. was sentenced to a prison term of 14 years in August 2023. Last month, the defendant’s appeal against the sentence was rejected as ‘manifestly unfounded’ and the sentencing decision is now final. Commenting on the final decision, Amal Clooney said: ‘The trial against Jennifer W. was the first trial anywhere in the world against an ISIS member for crimes against humanity and the first trial charging ISIS with crimes against Yazidis. This landmark case was made possible by the courage and determination of my client. Thanks to other Yazidi survivors who have also come forward, we have now seen 7 other ISIS members convicted of war crimes against Yazidis in German courts. These milestones are important. But 40,000 people from more than 80 countries joined ISIS, and there are thousands of victims of genocide still waiting for their day in court. It is time for an international court that can deliver this’. Natalie von Wistinghausen, who represented the victim during the court hearings in Munich together with Wolfgang Bendler added that: ‘Nearly 10 years after her daughter’s death and after having herself terribly suffered in the accused’ and her husband’s household in Fallujah, justice is now finally achieved for our client. She can turn the page and focus on her life with her son, the only immediate family member who survived ISIS’ genocidal campaign against the Yazidis. Accountability is only one avenue on the way to some peace, but it is an important one’. Natia Navrouzov, Executive Director at Yazda, which is also represented by Amal Clooney, commented: ‘It took almost five years for this process to come to an end and we are satisfied with its outcome. This first trial worldwide of an ISIS member for crimes against Yazidis is historical and has a strong symbolic importance for the community. However, as we approach this year the 10 th commemoration of ISIS attacks on Yazidis and other groups, we are very concerned to see that the sole justice avenue available for ISIS survivors are national proceedings which depend on the hard work and readiness of a small group of survivors, NGO workers, lawyers, investigators and prosecutors. Ten years later, there is still no holistic and global response to the crimes of one of the most violent terrorist groups in modern history; worse, the only hope for meaningful justice represented by the evidence collection efforts funded by the international community itself through an UN investigative mechanism (UNITAD) is now quietly being dissolved, with no real perspective of what is next and what will happen to the evidence’. Yazidi Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Nadia Murad, who is herself a survivor of enslavement and torture at the hands of ISIS, commented: ‘Each conviction of an ISIS member offers a renewed sense of hope to survivors of ISIS atrocities, signalling that justice is possible. As we mark the 10th anniversary of the Yazidi genocide, I urge the international community and UN member states to establish an international tribunal capable of conducting trials on a larger scale’. Background In June 2018, the defendant was arrested when she was back in Germany but attempting to leave the country to return to Syria. She was intercepted by an undercover agent working for the German federal police who recorded her discussing the death of her ‘sabiya’ (a term used by ISIS to refer to Yazidi ‘slaves’). But it was not until Reda’s mother was identified and located in Iraq by the NGO Yazda that prosecutors had their key witness. Yazda has collected thousands of testimonies from Yazidi survivors to document ISIS’ crimes and had interviewed her two years prior to the start of the trial. She confirmed the death of her daughter in the hands of the ISIS couple and participated in the proceedings against Jennifer W. and the separate trial against her ex-husband Taha A.-J. as a co-plaintiff and the key witness at trial. In October 2021, the Higher Regional Court of Munich sentenced Jennifer W. to 10 years in prison. Following the Federal Public Prosecutor's appeal, the defendant’s sentence was overturned in March 2023 on the grounds that the lower instance court erred in qualifying the enslavement resulting in death as a ‘less serious case’ of crimes against humanity – a legal qualification that had resulted in a reduced sentence. Moreover, the appeal court found that the lower instance court had not taken into account the aggravating circumstances, including the ‘inhuman motives and goals’ of the defendant who by enslaving Reda and her mother ‘deliberately furthered ISIS’ policy, which aimed to destroy the Yazidi religion and the enslavement of the Yazidi people’. Similarly, the fact that after Reda’s death, Jennifer W. held a gun to the grieving mother and threatened to shoot her if she did not stop crying needed to be considered as an aggravating factor. The case was referred back to the lower instance court which sentenced Jennifer W. to an extended 14-year term. This is the sentence that has now been confirmed, without the possibility of further appeal. Note to editors: From August 2014, the Yazidi community in Iraq and Syria was targeted by ISIS through a campaign of executions, enslavement, sexual violence, and forced recruitment of child soldiers, as well as the forced displacement of an estimated 400,000 Yazidis from their homeland in Iraq. Nealy 10 years after ISIS’ attack, thousands of Yazidi women and children who were abducted and enslaved by ISIS remain missing. These crimes have been recognized by the United Nations, national and international bodies and, more recently, German courts as amounting to genocide. German courts have convicted three ISIS members of genocide for their crimes against the Yazidis. The judgment issued by the Higher Regional Court of Frankfurt in November 2021 (and confirmed by the German Federal Court of Justice) against Jennifer W.’s ex-husband, Iraqi national Taha A.-J., represents the first conviction of an ISIS member for genocide anywhere in the world. A second genocide conviction followed in July 2022 against German ISIS returnee Jalda A. and a third conviction was issued against German ISIS returnee Nadine K. in June 2023. Additionally, five ISIS members have been convicted of crimes against humanity and war crimes for their involvement in ISIS’ crimes against the Yazidis in six cases. These are the cases against Jennifer W., Sarah O. , Nurten J. , Omaima A. (who faced two separate trials) and Romiena S. Ms. Clooney, Ms. von Wistinghausen and Ms. Mehner, represented Yazidi victims in these cases. Unofficial English translations of some of the publicly available judicial decisions can be found in Eurojust’s database on national jurisprudence on core international crimes. Case summaries are also available in the Case Law Database on International Criminal Law in Germany which was recently launched by the International Criminal Law Research Unit at Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg. Under German law, victims of grave crimes have the right to participate in criminal proceedings as ‘co-plaintiffs’ alongside the prosecution and defence. For her safety, the victim’s identity is not being revealed. German law normally also does not permit disclosure of defendants’ full surnames. The defendant is therefore identified as ‘Jennifer W.’ throughout this statement. For the Arabic version of the Press Release, click here . ### 300 North 27th Street, Suite C. - Lincoln, Nebraska 68503, USA info@yazda.org - www.yazda.org
Yazda welcomes the publication of a milestone report by C4JR outlining recommendations for criminal accountability concerning ISIL crimes in Iraq in light of Iraq’s request to terminate UNITAD’s manda
The release of this crucial report follows the UN Security Council (UNSC) resolution to extend the mandate of the Investigative Team to Promote Accountability for Crimes Committed by Da’esh/ISIL ( UNITAD ) only until September 2024 ( UNSC resolution 2697/2023 ). The report reflects the concerns and recommendations of Iraqi NGOs and survivors' networks. Yazda, a member of the Coalition for Just Reparations ( C4JR ), joined an alliance of Iraqi NGOs in calling for comprehensive reparations for survivors of atrocity crimes perpetrated during the ISIL conflict in Iraq. In September 2023, prior to the passing of resolution 2697 by the UNSC, Yazda led the publication of a statement endorsed by 50 organizations expressing concerns about the imminent closure of UNITAD. Subsequently, within C4JR, Yazda facilitated consultations with NGOs online and in person, ensuring that their feedback was communicated to the UN, particularly in preparation for the UN Secretary-General's report released in January 2024 on Iraq’s request to receive UNITAD’s evidence. In parallel, Yazda consulted survivors’ networks, including Hope Givers, Survivors Voice Network (SVN), Speicher-1700 NGO, and the Yazidi Survivors Networks (YSN), incorporating their perspectives into the report. Natia Navrouzov, Executive Director at Yazda and co-author of the report, comments: “The report, especially its concrete recommendations, is a testament to the deep knowledge of Iraqi civil society on issues of justice and the lack thereof in Iraq. Iraqi organizations are the experts and should not be ignored. We advocated for the creation of UNITAD but were not involved in its termination. To this day, we have not been presented with a clear strategy from Iraq and the international community regarding the fate and more importantly, the use, of the evidence collected by UNITAD and what comes next. While UNITAD’s completion roadmap, due on 15 March 2024, may provide some answers, we were not meaningfully consulted on it either. Moving forward, we want to be part of the conversation and of the solution.” For the Arabic version of the Press Release, click here . For any inquiries, please contact info@yazda.org ### 300 North 27th Street, Suite C. - Lincoln, Nebraska 68503, USA info@yazda.org - www.yazda.org
Yazda Announces new Executive Director
26 February 2024 Yazda is pleased to announce the appointment of Natia Navrouzov as its new Executive Director. Natia’s selection underscores Yazda’s enduring commitment to the communities affected by ISIS atrocities, placing them at the core of our mission. Her appointment also reaffirms Yazda’s dedication to gender equality and women’s empowerment, as Natia will bolster our gender-responsive planning and engagement efforts. Natia Navrouzov brings a wealth of experience as a French-qualified lawyer specializing in international law, human rights, and transitional justice. As a member of the Yazidi community, Natia has been instrumental in Yazda's initiatives since joining in 2018. She holds various positions within the organization, including Project Manager and Interim Country Director. In 2021, she was appointed as Yazda’s first Legal Advocacy Director. Under her leadership, Yazda collected testimonies of ISIS survivors and documented evidence from crime sites, and collaborated with international and national bodies, including the United Nations Investigative Team to Promote Accountability Against Da’esh Crimes (UNITAD), national war crimes units and the Office of Amal Clooney. Notably, her leadership played a key role in the conviction of several ISIS members in Germany, including for genocide against Yazidi victims. In 2019, Natia supported a group of Yazidi female advocates to establish the Yazidi Survivors Network (YSN) and campaigned with them for the passing of the Yazidi Survivors Law until its adoption in March 2021. Before joining Yazda, Natia worked for a globally recognized law firm specializing in International Public Law and International Arbitration in Paris, as a Research Assistant at the London Court of Arbitration, and Assistant Lecturer at the Université of Panthéon-Sorbonne in Paris. Admitted to the Paris Bar, Natia holds a dual bachelor's degree in German and French Law from the University of Cologne (Germany) and Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne (France); she holds Master’s degrees in International Law from Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne and Columbia University (USA), where she graduated as a Human Rights Fellow and Fulbright scholar, and was awarded the Davis Polk Fellowship. Natia is also an Obama Foundation Leader. Natia commented: “It is an honor for me to have been appointed as Yazda’s first female Executive Director. To me, Yazda is not just an organization but a beacon of hope for Yazidis and other minorities, who have endured countless persecutions over generations. With the help of my team and our various supporters, I am ready to take Yazda to the next level and strengthen our collaboration with Iraqi and international stakeholders, and, of course, with affected communities, especially survivors, who will remain at the center of our focus.” We also regretfully announce the departure of Haider Elias from Yazda. Haider was one of Yazda’s founders and served as its President for more than nine years. He will work with us to ensure a smooth transition until 31 March 2024, when he will move on to new challenges and opportunities. Yazda expresses profound thanks to Haider and wishes him all the best in his future endeavors. With Natia leading the way, we are eager to embark on this new chapter and elevate our partnerships to unprecedented heights, leaving a lasting impact on the lives of those we serve. Sincerely, Yazda Board of Directors For any inquiries, please contact info@yazda.org For the Arabic version of the Press Release, click here . ### 300 North 27th Street, Suite C. - Lincoln, Nebraska 68503, USA info@yazda.org - www.yazda.org
Show More
300 North 27th Street, Suite C.
Lincoln, Nebraska 68503, USA
info@yazda.org
© 2024 
All Rights Reserved | Yazda