Where we are around
the Sun is shining. Always.
Agency






12
Who we are
We are KF Interactive - "KF" as in Kumpels & Friends ("buddies & friends"). And that's not just a catchy phrase but something we really mean and live. As a digital agency we implement versatile digital solutions on the web or as mobile apps for our clients. We also like to spice things up with high technical standards, good expertise and a healthy exploratory urge. From the heart of Leipzig for all of Germany and beyond.
What we do
Together with our clients we design and develop the next great online appearance, connect CMS and CRM solutions, develop an exciting mobile app or push the limits with the next enthralling digital marketing campaign. But most of all we provide actionable consulting services and strive to find the best solution for you, your team and your project.
And why we're doing it
We always find great excitement when constantly challenging ourselves while also doing the things we're really good at - and this with the most special team around. And if there's something we can't do on our own we most likely know someone from our vast network of specialists who can provide the needed extra skills.
Anything else?
Here on our website we're able to showcase only a few selected references. But be assured that there's quite a bit more to show and tell. In case you're curious about our complete portfolio we kindly invite you to meet us personally over a cup of coffee. Just let us know!
Apps
By now, applications for smartphones and tablets are self-explanatory. That's why we focus on great user interfaces to provide quick access to all desired information. We also care for remarkable performance to minimize waiting times. Others may call that user experience - to us it's only natural.
Websites
It doesn't really matter which technology exactly your website runs on as long as it matches the project scope. Because we keep an eye on both aspects, we can always come up with a fitting idea to efficiently provide the best in usability and performance to the user. That's what our clients like and also their clients - and even search engines do.
KF Interactive pretty social: