Order patient leaflets & letters to help you get Hyalofemme on prescription
Order now
 What can Hyalofemme do for you?
Proven to work
Hyalofemme has been rigorously tested through published preclinical and clinical studies. It is the only vaginal moisturiser to have published clinical trial data rather than individual people's testimonials. This means you can be sure the product is safe and effective because it's been independently tested - you aren’t just taking another person's word for it. Don’t be duped by marketing gimmicks, make sure to ask for the data that shows the product you are using really works. Take a look at our data here.
Hormone-free
Hyalofemme has been proven to be as effective as 0.1% oestrogen cream - but it does not contain any hormones. Even if you are fighting cancer or if you worry about the chemical burden you can rest assured with Hyalofemme.
One step above others
Hyalofemme is more than just temporary relief. It provides long-lasting hydration that means many women eventually no longer need a lubricant. It also stimulates your body’s immune system to help heal tiny cuts which can be what causes the pain, and prevent infections.
Hyalofemme helps your body heal itself
9 out of 10 women agree that after using Hyalofemme all major symptoms of vaginal dryness are GONE:
Burning - gone
Itching - gone
Pain - gone
How does Hyalofemme work?
...of women would
recommend Hyalofemme to a friend
Powerful long-lasting hydration
HORMONE-FREE
The vaginal tissue becomes dry because of lack of oestrogen, but that doesn't mean that you need to use oestrogen to rehydrate it. Hyalofemme offers same efficacy as oestrogen cream, but it doesn’t contain hormones. This makes it a great choice if you are fighting cancer or have recovered from it. Also, if you have history of cancer in your family. Hyalofemme is a solution if you are worried about using products that contain hormones.
   HYALURONIC ACID-BASED
Hyaluronic acid (HA) is a powerful molecule present throughout your body. Its power lies in incredible tissue moisturisation. The scientists behind Hyalofemme have optimised the HA and created Hydeal D through breakthrough patented technology, allowing it to release water slowly over a period of 72 hours. Unlike ordinary HA, the Hydeal D can enter the vaginal cells and there it attracts water. 1g of Hydeal D can hold 3 litres of water. Dry vaginal tissue uses this water to get rehydrated and plump cells back up.
VAGINAL MOISTURISER
Vaginal moisturisers are not the same as lubricants. What’s the difference between the two? You’ll find a detailed explanation here but, in short, lubricants coat vaginal surfaces to prevent friction during sex or a medical examination, and have a short-term effect. A clinically proven vaginal moisturiser should rehydrate your cells, not just slather them in slippery substances, so it should provide relief from dryness symptoms for days.
HYDEAL-D
Breakthrough ingredient from the oldest European thermal spa
Hydeal-D was developed in the small town on the North of Italy called Abano Terme.
This quaint little town is known for its thermal water, mud baths and beautiful spas. Even its name - Abano Terme - means to remove pain.
Here is where most of world’s hyaluronic acid is being produced. The manufacturer supplies hyaluronic acid to companies all over the world, as it is used in face creams, eye preparations, joint injections and Hyalofemme.
  Hydeal-D resists enzymatic breakdown
In other words, it is not being metabolised and removed from the body as quickly as regular hyaluronic acid. This makes it last longer inside the vagina providing effect for up to 72h.
Supreme water-holding capabilities of Hydeal-D (1g of Hydeal-D can hold 3 litres of water) are emphasised further by Hyalofemme being mucoadhesive.
It means that the gel sticks to the tissue, which allows the water to be released slowly and steadily over the course of 3 days. Try it for yourself - put a small drop of Hyalofemme gel on the top of your hand and then turn your hand over. You will see that the drop does not move.
Result?
Hyalofemme lasts for 3 days, so you don’t have to use it daily.

Plus, there is no sloppy dripping or nasty discharge.

Hyalofemme is wonderfully comfortable to use, making you feel like your normal self again.
BUY NOW
Hyalofemme® is exclusively distributed in the UK by Purple Orchid Health Ltd
PO box 15079, Dunblane, FK15 5BA, United Kingdom
Company Registered No: 09924529
Phone: 0844 415 2420
Email us at samples@purpleorchidhealth.co.uk
Terms and Conditions | Privacy policy | Cookies policy
© 2022 Hyalofemme. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this website you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy.
Read more
Accept all