Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Manage services
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Cookies and Privacy
Cookies and Privacy
Skip to content
info@edinburghbiketours.co.uk
Bike Tours

Calendar
Gallery
FAQs
About Us
Contact Us
Twitter/Facebook
Custom Guided Cycle Tours
Welcome to Edinburgh Bike Tours!
View all our tours
Discover Edinburgh City Centre Tour
A two to two a half hour bike tour (12 km) through the heart of historic Edinburgh with wide views across the city’s dramatic skyline: a gentle cycle along cobbled streets...
From: £40 | Per Person
Find out more
Coast and Bridges Guided Cycle Tour
This 5 hour, 42 km / 26 mile cycle tour starts in the heart of Edinburgh’s port, the vibrant and buzzing Leith on the east coast of Scotland. There are...
From: £65 | Per Person
Find out more
Beyond Edinburgh bike tour
On this 4 - 5 hour tour we ride beyond Edinburgh, cycling along quiet cycle paths through woodlands and country parks and taking in several fabulous historic buildings. The tour...
From: £60 | Per Person
Find out more
City Centre, Holyrood Park, Portobello Guided Tour
This guided cycle ride (2.5 to 3 hours, 18 km) lets you sample the rich diversity which Edinburgh has to offer and which is best experienced on a bike: picturesque...
From: £49 | Per Person
Find out more
Family Tour suitable for kids
Safely bring the family on this tour which is designed specially for children: we cycle on designated cycleways and pavements and there are no hills! The tour does not go into...
From: £30 | Per Person
Find out more
Coasting to Cramond, a bike tour with no hills
Looking for a bike tour that combines stunning coastal scenery with easy, traffic-free cycling suitable for all the family? This is it! This 13 mile/20 km (3 hour) tour is one...
From: £49 | Per Person
Find out more
Join us on one of the scheduled tours listed above for the chance to bike round Edinburgh with people from all over the world.
Prefer to be with folk you know? All our bike tours are also available as Friends and Family Tours.
Visit our FAQ on Private Tours for more details
Check Out Our Reviews!
4.8
Based on 33 reviews
review us on
Daphne Karthaus
6 months ago
Had a great private tour with my boyfriend. David was our guide and we had a lovely tour with him guiding us through different parts of the city, even a personalized part that we asked for, through Leith. Really great. We enjoyed it very much and feel more confident now to do a cycle in Edinburgh next time we visit. Thanks David!!
Elisa von Marschall
6 months ago
Fantastic.  David was a great bike guide, and we thoroughly enjoyed the tour.  Highly recommend this as a great way to see Edinburgh!
Marty Heil
7 months ago
Finn patiently led our tour of 4 Canadians and 2 Americans through the city centre/holyrood/portobello tour on a beautiful afternoon.  We all had a good time!
Anthony Elarth
7 months ago
David was a wonderful guide for our City Centre / Holyrood / Portobello tour. He was friendly, informative, chill - and was awesome with tips for my upcoming journey up to Glencoe and Skye.Happy I selected this tour as I’d already seen a good chunk of the central Edinburgh sites - we rode near several of those, but it was good to get out and about into areas that felt more like spots locals go.  I’m mostly thinking about Portobello beaches on our sunny day - or maybe those were all tourists?!? 🤣David, thx much!
Cynthia Gillham
9 months ago
This is the best way to see Edinburgh and the surrounding area. The tour guides are knowledgeable and professional and great cyclists. The Coast & Bridges Guided Cycle Tour skipped the normal tourist stops and I saw the real beauty of the Firth of Forth and it’s coast.
Kelli Bailey
a year ago
We had a fabulous almost 20 mile bike ride with our guide Donald and shadowing guide David! Donald was full of historical knowledge and David was super friendly and easy to talk with! I highly recommend this company for your next bike tour in Edinburgh!!!
Meet Our Guides...
Edinburgh Bike Tours is a company run by  our enthusiastic team of local guides. We all have  extensive experience in cycling and outdoor activities in Edinburgh and across Scotland.
Useful Links
Bike Tours
About Us
Calendar
Gallery
FAQs
Twitter/Facebook
Terms & Conditions
Links
Awards
Contact Us
07754442434
Edinburgh Bike Tours: Timberbush, Leith, Edinburgh, Scotland EH6 6QH
info@edinburghbiketours.co.uk
EdinburghBikeTours
@edinbiketours
© 2024 Edinburgh Bike Tours. All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site made by Inigo
BOOK NOW