Create a Life of Abundance and Bliss
Discover that you have what it takes to build a business, make money, and grow spiritually at the same time
You don’t have to give up your peace of mind to start a business.
Being spiritual doesn’t mean being poor.
Thinking about starting and running a company can be overwhelming, and you don’t want to sacrifice your values, your sense of well-being, and your spiritual progress.
I know what it’s like. I started and ran a magazine publishing business from 1985 to 2011 that today publishes iPhone Life magazine. My story and 14 others are featured in Meditating Entrepreneurs.
Fifteen entrepreneurs, committed to their inner development and a peaceful world, share their wisdom of inner bliss and outer success. These TM® (Transcendental Meditation®) meditators tell their empowering stories of moving to rural Iowa for enlightenment and world peace and creating extraordinary businesses from nothing:
MORE LIKE THIS
Read these stories of starting from nothing in the middle of nowhere and know that you have what it takes to create a life of inner bliss and outer abundance.
WHAT READERS SAY
“I thoroughly enjoyed this fun, educational, and uplifting book from cover to cover. Individuals, businesses, and schools have much to learn from these real-life pioneers and business warriors.”
Wayne Pakulis
Massage Therapist
“Wonderful book – I enjoyed every page. Please write a sequel.”
Norla Mylett
Book Indexer
“What unbelievable inspiring stories.”
Erasmia Lois, Ph.D.
Nuclear Engineering
“Elsewhere, authors share how they did this thing, and now everything is rosy. In your book, I got to follow actual ups and downs.”
Nancy West
Aspiring Entrepreneur
A small investment of time and money in Meditating Entrepreneurs will produce a large return.
Each of the 15, bite-sized, stand-alone entrepreneurial stories can be read in a single sitting.
The cost of a meal will buy you the print, ebook or audio edition of Meditating Entrepreneurs.
Download our free PDF:
  10 Keys to Building a Business, Making Money, and Growing Spiritually at the Same Time
QUICK LINKS
  Entrepreneurs
Blog
Meditate
About
Sign up
Contact
  Meditating Entrepreneurs
Published by Meditating Press
110 N. Court St.
Fairfield, IA 52556
meditatingpress.com
ISBN-13: 978-0-9652187-4-0 (Paperback edition)
ISBN-13: 978-0-9652187-5-7 (Ebook edition)
Book design: George Foster
Photography: Jim Davis, Werner Elmker, Fairfield Ledger
Lyrics and music of Happy Cow - © 2010 Arthur Lee Land
Audiobook production: Jeffrey Hedquist
COPYRIGHT © 2021 HAL GOLDSTEIN, THADDEUS COMPUTING, INC. | Website by Don Lisefski Web Design Services