Cookie Policy
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help to improve this website and your experience.
Essential Statistics External Media
Accept all Cookies
Save Settings
Home page
Suche
Show navigation
Welcome
Teachers matter! Our non-profit initiative brings together STEM teachers with outstanding teaching ideas. Inspire and excite students beyond national borders with us.
Join now!
90%
of teachers implement and spread Science on Stage teaching content in training courses
100.000
Teachers are reached through our activities each year
35
Countries are members of Science on Stage Europe
Teaching Materials
Teaching Material of the Month
The Green, Green Grass of Dome - The biology of a perfect football pitch
Spring is here and the grass is finally sprouting again. But what does it need to grow well?
ALL TEACHING MATERIALS
News from our Network
23.04.2024
Coding for our Future
Many countries have already made use of the coding grants provided by Science on Stage Germany. Read a report about it here.
ALL NEWS
To protect your personal data, the connection to YouTube has been blocked.
By clicking on the button you can unblock the connection. YouTube/Google will receive personal data about your access to the website.
Play video
„By networking and exchanging with motivated colleagues, teachers’ horizons can be broadened. The experiences and new ideas are truly inspiring.“
ULRIKE ENGLERT
Physics and mathematics teacher
Projects
Our international Science on Stage teacher projects bring together teachers from all over Europe. They develop new innovative concepts for teaching STEM.
TO ALL PROJECTS
Topics
Be it sustainability, coding or language skills: our teachers at Science on Stage work together on current topics to bring them into everyday school life.
GET AN OVERVIEW OF OUR TOPICS
Events
Science on Stage regularly offers free interesting events for teachers. Get an overview of all dates here.
ALL EVENTS
Science on Stage Newsletter
Stay informed about our activities and materials with our monthly newsletter.
Register now!
Benefits
Teacher exchange
 Make contact with colleagues from Germany and all over Europe. Exchange ideas on current STEM topics and innovative teaching concepts. Develop new projects together.
Free teaching materials
Benefit from the extensive know-how of your European colleagues through materials in several languages.
Hands-on teacher trainings 
Take part in free trainings held by teachers from all over Europe on a regular basis.
Take part now
Science on Stage Europe e.V.
Am Borsigturm 15 13507 Berlin
info@science-on-stage.eu
Tel.: +49 30 400067-40
Teachers
Partner and Supporters
Follow us
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Imprint
© Science on Stage Europe 2024