7-DAY FREE TRIAL






Advanced Database for Hospitality Supply and Pipeline Development

Our advanced database is designed to help you unlock new sales opportunities in the global hospitality industry.  
With access to information on construction projects and direct connections to key players, you can streamline your sales process and achieve success. Use our data to stay ahead of the competition and expand your reach in the industry.
BOOK A DEMO NOW
Discover How Our Data Solutions Can Boost Your Business
Whether you are targeting the hotel industry regionally or globally, there are several ways in which the Top Hotel Projects database can help your business to unlock its potential: 
Identify Leads
THP filtering system is designed to help you quickly identify your ideal projects based on your specific needs. Whether you’re searching for a new hotel project in a specific construction phase, different status or a different star rating, we’ve got you covered. With our intuitive search feature, finding the perfect project becomes effortless. 
Find Potential Clients
Track down the power players behind 8500+ projects with our database. Our platform offers in-depth knowledge of the key decision-makers for each project, such as developers, architects, designers, and operators. With THP database, you’ll have access to invaluable insights that will give you a strategic advantage.
Increase Sales
For more than 15 years, THP database has been a reliable source of generating leads for hotel suppliers. Our database is a valuable resource for obtaining continuous leads. We provide you with the essential four W’s: Where is the project located, When is the opening date, Who are the key contacts, and What project type (including 4-5 stars, refurbishment, etc.). Our platform has helped the industry’s leading players boost their revenue.
Hear What Our Clients Say About Us
We rely heavily on the data of Top Hotel Projects, which gives us an advantage over our competitors to get into projects at an early stage. Great thanks to the team for serving quick support on additional data. We appreciate THP's cooperation.
Sonja Zdiarsky
Strategic Project Manager at GEZE
Ready to transform the way you work with data?
Try our powerful database for free and experience the benefits firsthand. With advanced search, infinite filtering, and detailed reporting, our database will help you make better-informed decisions.
Start your trial or schedule a call today to learn more.
START YOUR FREE TRIAL
REQUEST FOR A DEMO
QUICK LINKS
Home
Database
Jobs
Contact us
NEWSLETTER
Sign up to receive the latest news in hotel industry
You are currently viewing a placeholder content from Pardot Form. To access the actual content, click the button below. Please note that doing so will share data with third-party providers.
More Information
Unblock content
Accept required service and unblock content
FOLLOW US
THP is a subsidiary of Sleeper Media
©️ 2024 copyright TOPHOTELPROJECTS GmbH – all rights reserved
Imprint
General Terms & Conditions
Data Security Statement

Unblock tawk.to
Accept required service and unblock content
More Information
Privacy Preference
We need your consent before you can continue on our website.
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. There is no obligation to consent to the processing of your data in order to use this offer. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings. Please note that based on individual settings not all functions of the site may be available.
Some services process personal data in the USA. With your consent to use these services, you also consent to the processing of your data in the USA pursuant to Art. 49 (1) lit. a GDPR. The ECJ classifies the USA as a country with insufficient data protection according to EU standards. For example, there is a risk that U.S. authorities will process personal data in surveillance programs without any existing possibility of legal action for Europeans.
Essential
Statistics
Marketing
External Media
Accept all
Individual Privacy Preferences
Accept only essential cookies
Save Consent
Preferences
Privacy Policy
Imprint