Skip to main content
account
Menu
    YOUR GYM, REFORMED
Results, Nothing Less!
JOIN TODAY
SAY HELLO TO REFORM GYM
Welcome to the community that will inspire you to #bebetter
Our Facilities
Personal Training
Book Classes
Sign Up
FEATURED IN GOM
We’re featured in Gym Owner Monthly Magazine, March ’21!
OUR FACILITIES
CV Equipment
Cardio Vascular Equipment
We offer a wide array of cardio vascular equipment including rowers, skiErg, assualt bikes, bikeErg, treadmills, cross trainers, watt bikes, recumbent and upright bikes.
Free Weights and Resistance
Free Weights and Resistance
Our weights room features a multitude of equipment including dumbbells ranging from 2kg – 50kg, a squat rack, a leg press, a pendulum squat, a bench press, a seated row, a latt pull down, a leg extension, a leg curl and many more.
Studio and Classes
Studio and Classes
We offer 120 classes a week from pilates, yoga, zumba, RF50, seniors, lunch time classes and many more. We also have a dedicated spinning studio with 11 spin bikes. Non members are welcome at a £6 day rate.
Functional Training Area
Functional Training Area
Train different, train smart. Our functional training area will help you to train different and push yourself out of your comfort zone to achieve optimal results and have a blast doing it.
Spin Studio
Spin Studio
Our spinning studio hosts our most popular classes from HIIT spin, spinning with weights and 45min spin. The room is full of energy with every session.
Body Transformation
Body Transformation
8 week body transformation courses are available please contact us for more information.
CLIENT TRANSFORMATIONS
Barry started the Revolution body transformation course. The results speak for themselves. Book your consultation today to start your journey.
Start Your Transformation Journey Today!
Follow Us
“Just a little over 12 months ago I joined Reform Gym, about three months after joining I started on a training plan they had the introduced. I have been training hard for the last nine months with the help and support of Reform Gym. Over this time I have lost an amazing 50lbs I have halved my body fat % and reduced my metabolic age by 21 years. I feel stronger, fitter, healthier and most importantly happy than I can remember. I can’t thank Reform Gym enough for helping me on this amazing journey. If I can do this anyone can. Trust the Process.”
Mark Dunne
PERSONAL TRAINING
Our team of skilled, experienced and qualified instructors are more than happy to discuss your personal goals and work with you on a one-to-one level to help you achieve your desired results. Contact us today to book your free consultation and movement screening.
Find Out More & View All Trainers
Barry Jacobsz
Director & Personal Trainer
Click here to read Barry’s profile & book a consultation
Ashley Muncaster
Personal  Trainer
Click here to read Ashley’s profile & book a consultation
Scarlett Smith
Personal Trainer
Click here to read Scarlett’s profile & book a consultation
Ben Myers
Personal Trainer
Click here to read Ben’s profile & book a consultation
£10 OFF MEAL-PREP AT MUSCLEFOOD
Musclefood aim to provide you with the best lean meats and supplements on the market to enable you to get all the nutrients and protein you need to excel at a cost-effective price.
When you buy from Musclefood, you’re guaranteed top quality produce from a trusted and reputable company tailored to each individual’s sporting needs and diet. So, if you’re looking to gain muscle, get stronger, lose fat or get faster, they have got all you need to maximise your performance.
Click here to visit their website, & use promo code reform10 to save £10 on your next meal-prep order!

Health & Safety | Opening Hours | Club Rules | Cookies | Privacy | T&C's | Sitemap
© Copyright 2024 Reform Gym LTD. All rights reserved. Registered in England & Wales: 11846654.
twitter
facebook
instagram
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
OkMore Info