Calder Engineering Ltd
FABRICATION ~ INSTALLATION ~ MAINTENANCE
Main menu
Skip to content
MENU
Calder Engineering
Calder Engineering Ltd® … the difference is the experience
Our Experience
Calder Engineering Ltd® was established in 1988 by its current directors and has a proven track record in delivering engineering products and services to energy Industries. During this time we have built up in-depth knowledge and experience within the energy markets. Our commitment, competence and forward thinking has gained us a superior reputation for producing high quality precision work.
Oil and Gas
Nuclear
Renewables:  Onshore and Offshore Wind, Marine Renewables
Utilities
Our Values
Safety | Quality | Efficiency | Traceability | Reliability
Our values are an integral part of our everyday operations and are core to our overall strategic vision. Our highly skilled team are committed to exceeding expectations by delivering projects efficiently, on time and to the highest of standards, using the best people and materials and operating in a safe environment.
Our Services
We offer a full turnkey service, tailor-made from start to finish to meet the customer’s specification.  Our staff are fully competent with varied skills and expertise to deliver a high quality and professional service.
Hire:  Extra Large Subsea Baskets
Hire of subsea baskets certified to DNV 2.7-3 standard. Operational class R45 for offshore transportation and lifting in air and operational class S23 for subsea lift. These baskets are extra large, extra wide, heavy duty subsea baskets for deployment or recovery of large equipment subsea. Payload 15 tonnes.
In addition, we manufacture to order ROV tooling baskets, heavy duty debris baskets, diver intervention baskets, decommissioning baskets.  These baskets can be operated by ROV or diver.
Our Products
The same high quality and reliability of our services carries through to our own range of products.
Calder Offshore Cabins: Our own unique range of offshore container cabins designed and certified to DNV 2.7-1 and EN 12079 standards. Each one built and fitted out at our works to meet each customer’s specific requirements.
Subsea Baskets: We manufacture and also Hire DNV 2.7-3 subsea baskets.
CalderGrip: At Calder Engineering we are currently developing a unique new subsea rock anchoring system. Our system will offer an alternative to the large metal/concrete gravity structures and piling systems currently on the market. 
Engineering Projects
Latest News & Updates
A New Subsea “Monster”
Upgrading of our Quality and Environmental Management Systems
We’re Recruiting!
Living Wage Employer
Like Us On Facebook
Contact Us
Calder Engineering Ltd
Ormlie Industrial Estate,
THURSO, Caithness,
Scotland, UK
KW14 7QU
Tel: +44 (0)1847 892122
Fax: +44 (0)1847 892345
Email: admin@calderengineering.co.uk
© Calder Engineering Ltd - Powered by Wordpress and WPThemes.co.nz