Skip to content
07720 300 062
pam@weddingmakeupandhair.com
Galleries
Trial Run
Wedding Day
Help for Brides
Prices
Contact
Wedding Makeup and Bridal Hair London.
Chiswick based bridal hair and makeup specialist
Wedding Makeup and Bridal Hair By Pam Wrigley
On your wedding day be confident of beautiful wedding makeup and bridal hair. I’ll help you feel amazing on your big day!
With over 25 years working as a wedding makeup artist and bridal hair stylist,
I have experience working with brides of all ages and all nationalities.
What’s more, I has lots of awards under my belt, including UK Makeup Artist of the Year and UK Best Wedding Hair Stylist.
So you can relax, you’re in safe hands.
Essential Wedding Makeup and Bridal Hair
Natural bridal makeup or smokey wedding makeup
Whether you are a young or mature bride, wanting a natural wedding makeup or smokey bridal makeup you’ve come to the right place.
Having over 30 years experience working as a wedding makeup artist and bridal hairstylist, I have worked with brides of all ages and all nationalities.
On your wedding makeup and bridal hair trial run, I will listen to your ideas on wedding day hair and bridal makeup. Enabling me to create the perfect look for you.
Because I know how important it is to get your wedding hair and makeup just right, there is no time limit for the trial.
This means you’ll be able to try different ideas and make sure you are happy with your hair and makeup.
Bridal hair styles for long or short hair
I have created bridal hairstyles for all hair lengths and hair types. So whether you have short hair, long hair or you want to make the most of your natural curls on your wedding day, just get in touch.
And with a wealth of experience working with all hair types, I will help you feel confident and gorgeous on your wedding day.
Wedding Makeup and Bridal Hair PRICE FREEZE
Due to the cost of living increase

I’ve decided NOT to increase my wedding makeup and bridal hair prices in 2024.
Life is difficult enough . .

but you can still look beautiful on your wedding day.

Contact Pam
Image by Doville Photography
Wedding makeup and bridal hair help for brides
As a bride to be you’ll have a lot of things to plan and co-ordinate. Whilst at the same time trying to make sure you arrive at the wedding day looking stress free and radiant.
So in order to help I have a help for brides section, which has lots of beauty help and information.
Therefore, if you are worried about anything, for example working with oily skin, does your makeup have to be heavy, natural curls, natural wedding makeup or super fine hair, anything . . .
Help is at hand.
I am a wedding makeup and bridal hair expert, so please, just get in touch if you’d like to chat.
Alex grossman
2022-12-19
Pam did an amazing job with my hair and makeup from the trial run to the event itself. I didn't need to think about anything on the day as Pam knew exactly how I wanted it which helped the day run smoothly. Thrilled with the final result and both hair and makeup lasted all day/ night. I would highly recommend Pam.
Erin Maguire
2022-11-13
Pam and her assistant Akua were wonderful throughout the whole process. Pam was quick and consistent with her communication. She listened to what I was looking for and offered helpful suggestions when needed. She was a warm and calm presence on the big day. I was so happy with my hair and make-up. Everything lasted so well - even through a warm summer's day. I would definitely recommend Pam!







Google rating score: 5.0 of 5, based on 64 reviews
Wedding Day Hair 
Whether you’re after a bridal hair style that’s a timeless classic or a contemporary soft, relaxed-looking hairstyle, your wedding day hair should be beautiful. And just as important it should stay looking great right up to the last dance.
As a wedding hairstylist, I am is an expert when it comes to creating beautiful long-lasting wedding hair-styles, whatever your hair type or length.
Go ahead and take a look at my Instagram page for hair and makeup inspiration.
Bridal Hairstyles – Soft & relaxed or smooth & sleek. Always gorgeous. Always secure
Wedding Day Make-up
Natural, smokey or just plain drop dead gorgeous! Because I use the best products and has the expertise to boot, she will create a beautiful wedding makeup that’s perfect for you.
Take as much time as you like on your trial run and be confident of beautiful wedding makeup and bridal hair on your ‘Big Day’.
Strip and individual false lashes are included on the bridal price for both the trial run and on the wedding day.
As a result, whether you opt for a natural wedding makeup or sultry bridal makeup your wedding day makeup will be complete.
I absolutely loves working with my mature brides, mother of the brides and older ladies.
Wedding makeup and bridal hair for mature brides and older ladies is a specialised skill. One that I am very proud to possess!
Furthermore, I has lots of experience and won’t impose anything on you that you are not comfortable with.
With a team of expert wedding makeup artists and bridal hair stylists working with her, help is at hand.
For that reason, no matter what the size of your bridal party, we’ll make sure everyone is ready in plenty of time.
weddingmakeupandhair
Load More
Follow on Instagram
Pam Wrigley
Bridal Hairstylist
wedding makeup artist
Your Wedding Day
On your wedding day all eyes will be on you! Don’t worry – I’ll make sure that with beautiful wedding make and bridal hair you’ll look and feel your very best – I’ll help you discover the perfect style for you.
My Background
After a successful career in film & fashion, working on campaigns for London Fashion Week, Tia Maria, Martini and Renault I discovered my true vocation – wedding makeup and bridal hair. I have won numerous awards, including the Wedding Industry Awards where I was the  Best Wedding Hair Stylist of 2013. More recently I have won the 2023 Regional (London) English Makeup Artist award for Bridal Make Up Specialist of the Year and the 2024 award for Freelance Make Up Artist of the Year. You can also see my work on more than a couple of the fabulous Love My Dress blogs.
I’ve worked exclusively in the wedding industry for over 25 years, specialising as a wedding makeup artist and bridal hair stylist . . . although I’ve got no idea where the time has gone!
Editorial
A contributor to Conde Nast BRIDES, Confetti, The Conde Nast Brides’ Make-up Awards, Absolutely Weddings Magazine, Destination Weddings & Honeymoons and Bridal Expert at Pro Hair Show London and Manchester.
Education
I established Create Beautiful Hair & Makeup Training in 2013, teaching bridal hair styling and wedding makeup courses around UK & worldwide with Online Bridal Hair Courses and on YouTube.
After spending a total Fortune on my dress, all anyone could talk about on my wedding day was my hair, and how fabulous it was!!
Antonia Senior
“My expertise is in demand
but my brides always come first! “
Wedding Hair & Bridal Makeup in
London & Home Counties
Checkout my reviews on google!
As a mobile wedding hair and makeup artist based in west London, I will travel to you on your wedding day.
Whatever your plans for the wedding day, Pam will be happy to travel to your home, wedding venue or to your hotel. In order to make sure your wedding makeup and bridal hair is perfect.
Pam has worked in practically every hotel in London and surrounding home counties.
So whether you’re getting ready in the Ritz, Savoy, Dorchester, Claridges, Holiday Inn, Highclere Castle, The Castle in Windsor or your mums bedroom, just relax and enjoy being pampered.
She is within easy reach of M4, so can easily get into central London and out to Berkshire e.g. Reading, Slough, Wokingham, Bracknell and Windsor.
M40 gives easy access to Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire and the M3 and A3 to Surrey, Hampshire and West Sussex.
The trial run will take place in Chiswick, West London, which has great transport links. Pam is also ideally placed and can get to all areas of London:
North London and Hertfordshire, South London: Surrey and Kent, East London and Essex.
There is a travel charge for venues outside M25, please get in touch to check availability.
CONTACT
Email: pam@weddingmakeupandhair.com Telephone: 07720 300062 Find us on:
WEDDING HAIR & MAKEUP
Awards
Be confident of Beautiful Wedding Makeup with Award Winning Makeup Artist Pam Wrigley Winner of Best UK Wedding Hair Stylist & Winner Makeup Specialist of the Year 2017
Bridal Hair & Makeup Training
Pam also runs her own Hair and Makeup School. For information on training opportunities see www.createbeautifulhair.co.uk
RECENT POSTS
Be confident of Beautiful Hair and makeup for your red carpet moment
DIY Bridal makeup – how to define your brows for a perfect wedding day makeup
Achieving a Stunning Wedding Day Look: The Art of Bridal Makeup
Copyright © Pam Wrigley 2024
Home
Trial Run
Wedding Day
Help for Brides
Galleries
Blog
Prices
Contact
Credits
HTML Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Website Design by Web Design City