Home
About Us
Facilities
Booking
Contact Us
Book Your Retreat
RETREAT AND CONFERENCE CENTER
A sacred place for learning, inspiration, and transformation
Check Availabiltiy
CHRISTIAN RETREAT CENTER IN TEXAS SINCE 1997
Cross Roads Retreat is a non-profit organization specializing in group retreats. The retreat center sits nestled on 145 acres of natural wooded habitat in the heart of central Texas. Located within 90 miles of Houston, Austin or Waco, Cross Roads Retreat accommodates 96 guests. We are one of the few retreat facilities in Texas serving non-profit organizations one group at a time, one weekend at a time.
Learn more
COVERING 145 ACRES OF NATURAL WOODED HABITAT IN CALDWELL, TEXAS
Facilites
Guests can enjoy sleeping accommodations up to 96, conference seating from 96 to 120, and seating for up to 200 in our Chapel.
Learn More
Booking
Guests can book 2-3 nights stays, as well as weekend fellowships. Book your stay with us today.
Learn More
What Sets Us Apart
Private  
Your organization will have the exclusive use of the entire camp during your stay.  
Accommodating 
The cabins, beautiful grounds, spacious conference room, vaulted chapel, bonfire pit, prayer labyrinth, outdoor sanctuary, hiking trails, volleyball, and many other resources are here to support you in planning and implementing your program. 
Friendly
Our staff and volunteers provide radical hospitality 24/7 to attend to your retreat needs.
Comfortable
Comfy bunkhouses with A/C and heat
Independent
Not affiliated with any denomination or individual church
What Our Guests Say
Mary Stevens
"When you are at Cross Roads you know God is present.  You can feel Him.  That feeling is tenable, tangible.  It's there, God is there." 
Daisy John
“Dear Hilda, Carol and the Servants of God, Thank you for showing us the meaning of Serving.  You guys were such a true example of Christ's Servants.  Your manners, cheerfulness, fruit of the Spirit was just flowing within and in your life... Your love for the Lord humbled me.  Such a blessing...The Presence of God is so full in this place.  May God bless your endeavor and your giving.”
Cross Bend Christian Church
"I have been to good camps, and I have been to great camps.  Now I have been to a Godly camp.  May God bless you and your staff for a memorable time of worship."  
Cross Roads is committed to providing a sacred place for learning, inspiration, and transformation, where Christ may be encountered through faith-forming experiences.
Healing – Focus on the promise of hope through Jesus Christ.
Spiritual Growth – Boost and accelerate your spiritual journey; you go a long way in a short time.
Discernment – Hosea 2:14 tells us to come to the desert and pray so He can speak to our hearts.
Prioritize – Break the common pattern of daily life by unplugging from television, computers, and cell phones.
Transformation – Conform to the image of Christ. “As often as possible, Jesus withdrew to out-of-the-way places for prayer.” Luke 5:14
Rest – Body, mind, and soul rest. Even God rested on the seventh day!
Energize – Refresh and renew mind, body, and spirit.
Community – Build personal relationships, which will enrich lives and spread through the congregation.
Empowerment – “the person who trusts me will not only do what I’m doing but even greater things, because I, on my way to the Father, am giving you the same work to do that I’ve been doing. You can count on it.” John 14\
Experience – Seek to encounter God in a new, real and personal way.
“Stand at the crossroads and look; ask for the ancient paths, ask where the good way is, and walk in it and you will find rest for your souls."  
- Jeremiah 6:16
Book Your Retreat
About
Experience God in nature at our  private central Texas camp designed for group spiritual retreats.
Location
255 Cross Road
Caldwell, TX 77836
Contact Us
Email: info@crossroadsretreat.org
Phone: (979) 567-7974
Quick Links
Home
About
Facilities
Booking