Acquisition
Praesto Consulting Group
Strengthens Salesforce Practice
with
Learn More
Emprisia
Praesto Consulting delivers complex data projects on time and on budget by offering:
Small specialised teams (quality over quantity)
Multi-skilled professionals (from analysis to deployment)
Agile scalable technology (on-premise, hybrid, cloud)
We deliver complex transformational projects that add value, create insight and drive growth and profitability.  Clients come to Praesto Consulting for our expertise, they stay because of our track record of successful project delivery.
Enterprise performance management (EPM)
Our team are the EPM experts; working with the Oracle EPM cloud suite to deliver a host of projects for enterprise clients. Our specialties lie in the fields of Transfer pricing (check out our guide), tax reporting automation as well as planning and budgeting and financial consolidation and close.
Data and Insights
We deliver unbelievably successful data projects, from platforms and data engineering, to dashboards and machine learning in pretty much every tool out there.
Customer relationship management (CRM)
Our domain knowledge of the world of complex on premise CRM makes us the ideal partner to those transitioning to it or just starting out with a new system, put simply we’ve been there, seen it, done it when it comes to CRM.
We are trusted advisors who are committed to delivering projects on time and budget. Our relationships are strong, we’re still delivering projects for our very first customer, 11 years after our inception.
We work with 13 of the current FTSE 100 as well as many listed businesses.
Here are just a few of our customers:
Company Info
Praesto Consulting Group Ltd, Registered in England and Wales, No 10919925

Praesto Consulting UK Ltd, Registered in England and Wales, No 06367081

3 Croft Road, Hurworth, Darlington, England, DL2 2HD
Find us on:
Facebook page opens in new window
X page opens in new window
Linkedin page opens in new window
Our Services
Data and Insights
CRM
Enterprise Performance Management
Business Process Management Software
Optimisation and Experimentation
Managed Services & Support
More…
Home
About us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Copyright © 2023 Praesto Consulting Group Ltd