California Black Women's Health Project 
Celebrating 30 years of improving the health and wellness of Black women and girls in California
DONATE
WE'RE HIRING
Healing for the mind, body & soul
California Black Women's Health Project (CABWHP) is the only statewide, non-profit organization that is solely committed to improving the health of California's 1.2 million Black women and girls through advocacy, education, outreach and policy. We focus on empowering Black women to take personal responsibility for our own health and to advocate for changes in policies that negatively affect Black women's health status.
WHO WE ARE
OUR HEALTH
OUR STORIES
OUR IMPACT
   News Highlight
Our Work
2023 Impact Report
Help end violence by Starting Within!
"Starting Within" by Anti-Violence Ventures and California Black Women's Health Project is grounded in an intersectional approach, aiming to cultivate understanding and awareness that can ultimately diminish the prevalence of violence. Our mission is to facilitate more efficient connections to wellness, resources, and recovery services for Black adults, children, families and communities impacted by violence.
Women Who Dared 2023
 Theresa tha S.O.N.G.B.﻿I.R.D. sprinkled Black girl magic with her spoken word. She musical, lyrical, theatrical alchemist, sprinkling magic and hot sauce on every microphone she touches, Theresa tha S.O.N.G.B.I.R.D. is a supernatural wellspring of entertainment.
  Women Who Dared: A Time to Care Affair was an incredible celebration! On May 23, 2023, our community came together for this exciting event where we uplifted wellness and celebrated exceptional Black women who dare to make a difference in the lives of Black women, girls, families, and communities. 
During the 54th Annual NAACP Image Awards, Sonya Young Aadam, CEO of California Black Women's Health Project, was honored with this year’s “Unsung Heroes” award. The NAACP and Metamucil presented the “Unsung Heroes” honors to individuals who, like Sonya, make exceptional contributions to society and the success of missions or projects, but who do not receive widespread recognition for their efforts. The sunset on ‘Women’s History Month’ and the sunrise on ‘National Minority Health Month’, presents an opportunity to celebrate Sonya’s nearly 9 years of leadership and dedication to Black women’s health advocacy, health disparities reduction, and better health and wellness for Black communities.
SUPPORT BLACK WOMEN & GIRLS
On behalf of the Board, staff and volunteer tribe of the California Black Women's Health Project, we thank and appreciate you for your support and donations! Because of YOU, our work to improve the health and wellness of California's Black women, girls and communities is possible. We hope you stay connected with us as we roll out more exciting initiatives and events across the state, and remember to follow us on social media!

Get Involved
Find out how you can get involved with us to support Black girls' and women's health. 
GET INVOLVED

Find Events Near You
Find CABWHP and other Black-women supporting events in your area. 
EVENTS

Give a Gift
Your donation helps expand statewide advocacy efforts that promote health justice for Black women and girls. 
DONATE
   Sisters Mentally Mobilized - Advocate Training Program has provided something I have never witnessed before in my life, Black women receiving unwavering love, care and support, unconditionally. The program is very special and I am grateful to be a part of it.
--SMM Alumna
What I loved most about Sisters Mentally Mobilized was having a seat in the circle! We all were welcomed, heard, supported and seen. 
---SMM Alumna
DONATE
The California Black Women's Health Project is the only statewide, non-profit organization that is solely committed to improving the health of California's 1.2 million Black women and girls through advocacy, education, outreach and policy. 
CALIFORNIA BLACK WOMEN'S HEALTH PROJECT
9800 S. La Cienega Blvd., Suite 905
Inglewood, CA 90301
(310) 412-1828
wellwoman@cabwhp.org

For media inquiries and marketing requests contact geneses@cabwhp.org.
Sign up to stay connected!
Get news and updates from California Black Women's Health Project
By submitting this form, you agree to receive emails and text messages from California Black Women's Health Project. Message & data rates apply. Terms and privacy policy found here.
Stay connected!