This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline
Contact
Book a Free Consultation
Seating Matters
Just ask the patient.
Clinical Benefits
Product Range
Trusted globally by patients & caregivers
Global Manufacturers of Clinical, Therapeutic Seating
Supplying government bodies & healthcare systems across the world
Acute Care
Multi-User products, clinically designed for specialist needs within the acute setting.
Corporate Accounts
Long Term Care
Therapeutic Seating Range
All of our products have been developed and engineered to offer optimum quality, safety, pressure management and support for both patients and caregivers.
Milano
™
Bariatric Sorrento
™
Atlanta
™
Petite Chairs
™
Milano™
Multi-User Patient Lift Compatible Fully Adjustable
To achieve clinical excellence in a multi-user environment, the Milano, with its clinical design, adjustability and full compatibility with stand aids, like the Sara Stedy, is the perfect chair for acute and long term care facilities, reducing risk of injury to the patients and caregivers.
Explore Milano ™
Book a free, no obligation consultation
Trial clinical, therapeutic seating, consult with our Seating Specialists and see how you can achieve clinical excellence in your specific environment.
Clinical Benefits
Clinical Benefits
The Clinician's Seating Handbook
The Clinician's Seating Handbook is used in academia, in clinical practice and with caregivers around the world to guide their practices around specialist seating and contains;
Practical tips on cultivating a 24 hour package of care
Your guide for supporting various spinal presentations
A guide to seating bariatric and pediatric patients
Information on the new staging guidelines for pressure injuries
Detailed patient case studies
Download Now
Just ask the experts...
We care passionately about improving lives through innovative healthcare seating.
The change in Barbara when she was sitting in the new chair compared to just laying in bed was amazing.
Katie Kelly
Occupational Therapist
Next Steps
Take the next step to achieve clinical excellence and a 24 hour package of care for patients.
Book a Free Seating Assessment
Arrange a free, no obligation seating assessment with your local Seating Specialist.
Book Now
Request a Call Back
Schedule a call at a time that suits you to speak with our experts.
Call Me Back
The Clinician's Seating Handbook
Download Now
Products
Clinical Benefits
Buying Guide
Learn
Support
About Us
Contact
Testimonials
Select Location
US & Canada
© Seating Matters 2024
Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies
Website by Eyekiller
Cookie Settings