239-454-BUGS(2847)
Fort Myers, Sanibel, Fort Myers Beach, Cape Coral Pest Control
Facebook page opens in new window
Twitter page opens in new window
Customer Portal
Welcome
Welcome to A Better Bugman
Welcome to A Better Bugman, Southwest Florida’s premier location for all your termite and pest protection! Thanks for stopping by and feel free to subscribe to our newsletter, add us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on company news, announcements, and upcoming promotions. We even have RSS feeds at the bottom for you tech-savvy out there! Navigate to the rest of the site by clicking a page from the menu above or one of the newsletter excerpts below and, as always, feel free to contact us and let us know how we’re doing or make a suggestion about adding something…
High Quality Standards
A Better Bugman only uses the best pesticides, and we don’t stop until your problem is resolved. With 40+ years of experience in the pest control industry, we have been providing Fort Myers and greater Southwest Florida with advanced pest control solutions for decades.
Educated & Experienced Team
With over 40 years in the industry and lifetime of living in Florida, we are the Fort Myers pest control experts. From rats to roaches, we protect your home — inside and out — from Southwest Florida pests of all kinds.
Advanced Pest Control Solutions
We offer modern pest control products and services with a hometown feel. As Southwest Florida’s premier pest control company, we understand that when you’re living in Florida, pest control is not a luxury — it’s a necessity. Keep all the critters outside where they belong with a Better Bugman.
Comprehensive Pest Inspections
A Better Bugman knows how important it is to protect not just the inside of your home but also the exterior. During our visits we will look for pest problems and conditions that could be conducive for pest problems to occur and report our findings or recommendations to you. 
OUR SERVICES
INSECT TREATMENTS
Southwest Florida is a subtropical oasis, and the bugs agree! Keep them where they belong with advanced bug treatments that specifically target pests commonly found in SW Florida. Ants, gnats, and roaches won’t stand a chance.
Details
MOSQUITO CONTROL
Florida life is paradise, until you get bit by a bunch of mosquitoes, or no-see-ums! Sit outside in comfort knowing you won’t wake up with a bunch of bites. Talk to us about state-of-the-art mosquito control for your SWFL home today.
Details
SPIDER PROGRAM
The itsy bitsy spider isn’t the only kind of spider that lives in SWFL! The black widow and the brown recluse are some of the most common house spiders found in Florida homes. Keep your Florida home safe and spider-free. Learn about our new spider program now.
Details
RODENT ERADICATION
Everybody loves life in Florida – even rats and rodents! From the roof rat to the wood rat and the common brown rat, a Better Bugman is your go-to for SWFL rat eradication. Protect your Florida home now. Ask us about rat removal and population management today.
Details
Professional & Courteous Technicians
– A Better Bugman –
WHY WORK WITH US
Over 40 years of experience
Protecting SWFL from pests since 1984
We have been perfecting our advanced pest control system for decades so that we can protect all aspects of your SWFL home: the backyard, pool, lanai, walls, wood, roof, interior, and more. We are your best option for pest control in the Southwest Florida area.
Modern pest control solutions
State-of-the-art pest control services in Southwest Florida
We use the best pesticides while keeping your family in mind. Our pest control formulas are safe for pets, and they’re environmentally friendly (fact check). A Better Bugman stays up to date on new advances in the industry so that your pest treatments are top tier.
Professional team
The best pest control company in SWFL
With 40+ years of our experience, we pride ourselves on being pest control experts in Southwest Florida. Our industry knowledge combined with our extensive experience with SWFL pests makes us your first choice for all your pest control needs.
TESTIMONIALS
I have used a Better Bugman for years now. Dependable service and quality exterminator results. I would recommend ABB to anyone seeking an exterminator for their home.
Laura S
Takes care of our pest control. Rarely ever see insects inside, and rarely a problem even outside eating bushes. Excellent company, honest, attentive, very competent and easy to work with.
Deborah D
So easy to work with, especially from across the country. They had the best prices and the best customer service. We would recommend them to anyone!
Allison G
A Better Bugman came out quickly to my home when I was experiencing an issue eith ants. They did an extremely thorough job and I have not seen any ants or bugs since. They took extra care around our home with my pets and aquarium.
Chris M
Read more testimonials
LATEST NEWS
Check out this info on bed bugs
Read more
Good Bug…Bad Bug…
Articles
Sleep Tight! Don’t let the bed bugs bite…
Articles
The Nature of Pest Management…”Pest Control 101″
Articles
Interesting Ant Facts
Newsletter
Oh No! You Have Termites!
Newsletter
Southwest Florida’s premier location for all your termite and pest protection!
Get in touch!
Contact info
We serve communities across Southwest Florida - Fort Myers, Sanibel, Iona, Estero, Fort Myers Beach, Bonita Springs, Cape Coral.
Phone number
239-454-BUGS(2847)
Fax
239-415-BUGS(2847)
Email
abetterbugman@aol.com
Find us on:
Facebook page opens in new window
Twitter page opens in new window
Home
About us
Pest Control Services
Bug Treatments
Rats & Rodents
Spiders Bugging You?
Mosquito Control
Articles
Contact
© A Better Bugman. All rights reserved.
Website & IT Services by Island IT Pros