561-872-2069
lisak@bocahomecare.com
Physician Approved,
Family Chosen
TRUSTED SINCE 1998
We help clients navigate home health needs through personalized service and tailored caregiver matches.
HEAR FROM OUR CLIENTS

OUR SERVICES
We Can Help You Arrange Caregivers For:
Hourly And Live-In Homecare
Compassionate home health care services matched to your loved one’s unique needs and schedule.
READ MORE
In-Facility Care
Supplemental help in a hospital, rehab or nursing facility to ensure your loved one’s needs are being met.
READ MORE
Respite Care
Providing a breather for yourself or another primary caregiver to ensure you have time to take care of yourself.
READ MORE
Errands And Light Housework
Transportation and support for doctors’ appointments, shopping and keeping living spaces tidy and sanitary.
READ MORE
Alzheimer’S And Dementia Care
Specially trained homecare aides providing dignified and loving in-home care for seniors with these ailments.
READ MORE
Companionship And Meal Prep
Ensuring your loved one is engaged and stimulated in their home or community, as well as properly nourished.
READ MORE
ABOUT US
A Mission Of Dignity, Safety And Compassion For In-Home Senior Care
Boca Home Care Services carefully matches screened, experienced and certified home care aides and nursing assistants providing in-home health and personal care to aging seniors in South Florida.
We take the time to get to know every single one of our clients and understand both their needs and what’s important to them and their families.
Whether you have a firm handle on your loved one’s needs or are just beginning the home health care journey, we are happy to spend time on the phone or in person at your loved one’s home to help you determine the most appropriate level of assistance.
READ MORE
OUR AREAS OF SERVICE
We are the most trusted home care company in:
Palm Beach County
Click a city below for more information:
Boca Raton, Boynton Beach, Delray Beach, Highland Beach, Jupiter, Juno Beach, Lantana, Palm Beach Gardens, Riviera Beach, West Palm Beach
READ MORE
Broward County
Click a city below for more information:
Coral Springs, Deerfield Beach, Dania Beach, Fort Lauderdale, Hollywood, Lauderdale by the Sea, Oakland Park, Parkland, Plantation, Pompano Beach, Pembroke Pines, Sunrise, Weston
READ MORE
Other Areas Of Service
We can connect you to care in Miami-Dade and Martin Counties through affiliates in the CareGivers of America network
READ MORE
We'Re Here To Help
Check the boxes for your home health needs below and a Personal Care Planner will contact you within 24 hours to discuss care options:
Trusted By Physicians And Geriatric Care Professionals For Over 25 Years
CONTACT US
OUR EXPERTISE
We Can Help You Navigate Your Long-Term Care Insurance Policy
Maximize The Benefits You'Ve Already Paid For
We specialize in assisting long term care insurance policy holders, offering expert consultation to individuals who need help understanding these complex policies.
Our experienced professionals can contact your insurance company to confirm the specifics of your policy’s benefits. We then work with you to help maximize your home care benefits while handling all of the paperwork and dealing directly with the insurance company on your behalf.
We accept all major policies including John Hancock, SHIP, Mutual of Omaha, Genworth, Penn Treaty, UNUM, MetLife, Kanawha, MARSH, CNA, Banker’s Life, American Pioneer, Mercer, Claims Conference, TransAmerica, Veterans Administration Waiver Program and more!
READ MORE
We Accept All Long-Term Care Insurance Policies
See What Our Happy Clients And Their Families Are Saying About Us
There was no way that I could have handled this.
You have been an amazing and outstanding person through all of this…
+
Elliot M
VERIFIED CLIENT FAMILY
Boca Home Care Service has been invaluable to us.
Aide Vera is a lifesaver. She has made lots of efforts to keep me in the loop with many different issues…

+
Susan A
VERIFIED CLIENT FAMILY
OUR PROCESS
You'Re In Charge. We'Re Here To Help.
1
Free Consultation
An initial phone, screen or in-person meeting with one of our homecare experts to assess your loved one's needs.
2
Verification Of Benefits (Optional)
If relevant, we will call a potential client’s long-term care insurance company with them to confirm their benefits.
3
Schedule And Estimate
Based on the assessed needs and desired hours, we estimate the cost of a qualified and experienced caregiver.
4
Caregiver Interview
We refer one or more aides uniquely suited to the client’s needs. An interview confirms personality fit and comfort.
5
Start Of Care
The home care assistant hired by the client will begin on the set schedule. If needs change, we are always here to help.
FREE CONSULTATION
Let'S Talk About How We Can Help Your Loved One
Latest Updates Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Physician Approved, Family Chosen
Trusted by doctors and geriatric health professionals for over 30 years
Unlike home care agencies, we refer screened and experienced caregivers to your loved one’s home so that our clients are in control of their own care.
Quick Links
About Us Areas Of Service Contact Payment Options Services FAQs
Contact Us
561-872-2069
Lisak@Bocahomecare.Com
4700 NW 2nd Ave, Suite 400 Boca Raton, Fl 33431
Nurse Registry License #30211009

CareGivers of America only offers services in the state of Florida and is not affiliated with CareGivers America, a Pennsylvania company.
CARE PROVIDER INVOICE
© 2024 Boca Home Care Services. All Rights Reserved.