Serving Lewisburg and Central PA
Call us today! 570-523-9300
Home About Us Services Testimonials Contact
For a great range of home entertainment equipment and more in Lewisburg, PA
Contact Us
Lamprinos Home Entertainment Center has been serving Lewisburg, PA since 1954 and when you’ve stayed in business for that long, you must be doing something right! And we’re proud of the fact that we have been able to consistently keep the same promise to our customers today as we did when we opened our doors over 56 years ago: treat our customers like family, offer the best home entertainment products available with regards to performance and value, and conduct our business with unparalleled passion and enthusiasm.
Our products
Lamprinos Home Entertainment Center in Lewisburg only offers what we feel are the best home entertainment products available at every price range. We truly care about your needs. Your shopping experience here will be different from most other retailers you may visit. The mood here is relaxed, no pressure sales people to make your purchase a pleasant one. With products like Toshiba, JVC, Samsung, Panasonic, Dish Network, and DirecTV, as well as our elegant entertainment stands and cabinets, you can rest assured that there is a product that will fit your needs and applications; regardless of what they might be.
Our team
You are assured of making the correct choice of what to buy here at Lamprinos Home Entertainment Center, due to the fact that we know the right questions to ask, the right way to demonstrate home entertainment equipment and we can do it all within your budget. But that’s not where it ends, because you also get to experience our prompt courteous and expert delivery, installation, set-up and calibration of your television or audio purchase along with personalized one on one instructions showing you how to use your new equipment and get the most enjoyment from it, all before we leave your Lewisburg home.
Lamprinos Home Entertainment Center
2629 Old Turnpike Rd
Lewisburg, PA 17837
(570) 523-9300 
jlamprinos@hotmail.com
Content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. Downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy