Home
Professionals
Products & Services
Price
Portfolios
Technologies
Career
Enquiry
Acmmos Consultancy Services Ltd
About Us
  Products & Services
Our Portfolios
    Contact Us
    Welcome
  Welcome to Acmmos Consultancy Services Ltd., Acmmos is a leading open source software development and product development company providing cutting edge solutions to small, mid size to large cap companies and high net worth individuals. We provide customized web, cloud and software solutions to meet our customer requirements and to help them to crease out the impediments in running their daily operations and to create good impression on branding and adopt best practice to increase their business productivity.
    We are committed to providing software and System solutions that are both simple and easy to use. Instead of creating fancy large programs that you need to spend hours to learn how to use; our programs do exactly what they are intended to, without any confusing bells and whistles.
  We drive your business to cut down overheads by developing customized software's solutions especially suitable for your requirements.
    VISION
  Our motto is to serve all customers with utmost integrity and transparent service delivery in order to deliver excellent value for money of our clients.
     MISSION
  To add value and make a difference; as we evolve, we continue to look to the future- seeking out new methods, technologies, opportunities and more choices. We want to continue to provide clients with the products and services to connect them to what is important in evolving their business growth.
  SLOGAN
  Our slogan is "Applying Thoughts to Make Sense" which means we provide you sensible solution by applying thoughts and brain storming and with utmost integrity.
  Why Clients Choose Us?
  Our clients get a vast pool of dedicated team who carry’s with them years of experience in the field of development and design. Our team of professionals is always working exclusively to satisfy your web, software and product development outsourcing needs.
    We are a full life cycle software development company providing premium services to our clients across the globe. We take quality driven approaches like agile software development approach towards software development and end-to-end customised solutions to meet our clients' business needs.
    Our approach is completely client centric, we make it a point to listen and understand the needs of our client, their objectives and we use all our endeavour and efforts to find best cost effective solutions for our customer business development needs.
    We always deliver your projects on time due to strict project management technique and harmonious synchronisation with our client and team of Business Analyst, Designer, Competent Programmers, Testing and Delivery Team using more industry specific tools.
    If you are looking for an experience company who can deliver your software projects needs, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@acmmosconsultancy.co.uk
  Print | Sitemap
© Acmmos Consultancy Services

This website was created using Acmmos Web Hosting Services.
Login
Web View