CALL: 01283 240245 hello@kcrtransport.co.uk
Removals & Piano Moving Services
Call us: 01283 240245
Quick Contact
Removal Services Burton, Coalville, Ashby, Measham & Swadlincote
Welcome to KCR Transport & Removals. Providing reliable removals in Burton on Trent, Swadlincote, Ashby de la Zouch and Coalville since early 2004. We are a small but dedicated Swadlincote based removals business providing polite, professional, reliable, fully insured, house, flat and office removals, or a large removal van hired with two men for part moves.
✓ Free quotes & Moving Advice
✓ Fully insured & Trusted Trader
✓ Trading Standards Approved
✓ No deposits or cancellation fees
✓ Family owned, friendly, reliable
✓ Local company five star reviews
Moving Quote
Piano Quote
Message us
NEWS / UPDATES / MOVING TIPS
Keys and Fixings/screws etc:  All keys or screws to beds, wardrobes or anything that has been flat packed should be placed into one small box and kept safe as these are the things that usually go missing.
China/Crockery: When packing crockery plates/saucers into boxes, always pack them vertically using wrapping paper, this will ensure they are located in their strongest travelling position. Cups,  glasses, vases and teapots should all to be packed upright and not on their sides.
Please do call or email us to discuss any requirements or concerns that you may have.  Thank you Kevin & Kyle
Excellent service we moved within Burton on Trent, Kevin and Kyle were polite, friendly and they were very helpful, dismantling wardrobes and beds for me as well as doing the removal. They arrived early and worked non-stop in a calm and professional manner. Top job from start to finish.   Thank you guys!
Claire Cotes
Source, Trusted Trader
Kevin and Kyle moved my baby grand piano for me to our new address, they took great care with the whole job including protecting the floors, both of the guys were obviously very experienced in the moving of grand pianos. An excellent trustworthy company I would fully recommend. Thank you
Jo Smalley
Source, Trading Standards
I really cannot recommend Kyle and Kev enough! I have spent months and months worrying about our house move, but they have made the whole move painless! What a great service! And all completed with a friendly smile! I really cannot recommend both of them enough!  Thank you very much.
Kelly Ogleby
Source, facebook
Our No1 priority is customer satisfaction
Over the years our Swadlincote removals company also serving the Burton on Trent, Coalville, Ashby de la Zouch and surrounding areas has been built on strong customer relations. Operating with just a small advertising budget we rely on repeat business, recommendations and complete satisfaction with the services being offered. So, if it’s just a couple of men and a luton van to move a few items to storage, an upright or grand piano move, house clearance, full house, flat or even a commercial office move including packing, you can rely on us.
CALL: 01283 240245 We will be more than happy to discuss any requirements or questions you may have.
“Read or leave us a review”  We believe in trust, quality, and value for money which I feel has been the key to our success. Customer satisfaction is paramount to us! None of us are happy until you are happy. KCR Transport & Removals are Buy With Confidence Trading Standards Approved and are also a Derbyshire County Council Trusted Trader. 
Removals Services
Reliable and fully insured, full and part house, flat and office removals services  including our full or part packing of contents service if required.
Piano Removals
Professional upright and grand piano removals in and around the Burton on Trent, Swadlincote, Ashby de la Zouch and Coalville areas.
Small Moves
Fully reliable and insured services, two men with a large luton van, for small and part house, flat or office removals in and around the local areas.
Thank you for visiting our website, if there is anything we can help with please do get in touch.
Phone
KCR Transport & Removals Ltd
01283 240245
Hours of Operation
Monday – Friday: 8am – 6pm
Saturday 8am – 12.30pm
Out of Hours
please leave us a quick message and your number, we will get back to you as soon as we can.
Address
447 Burton Road, Midway, Swadlincote, DE11 7NB
Home Removals Piano removals About Quote Reviews Contact
Copyright © 2024 KCR Transport & Removals Ltd with all rights reserved