Cookies used for improved website experience
Siemens Healthineers and our partners use cookies and other similar technologies to operate the Siemens Healthineers websites and personalize content and ads. You may find out more about how we use cookies by clicking "Show details" or by referring to our Cookie Policy.
You may allow all cookies or select them individually. And you may change your consent and cookie preferences anytime by clicking on the "Review and change your consent" button on the Cookie Policy page.
Allow all cookies Allow necessary only Allow selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Cookie declaration Show details


























































Siemens Healthineers Shape 24 Spotlight
Together towards a sustainable tomorrow
More stories from the medtech world
Neurology
Secondary strokes can be avoided
Imaging
The brains behind clinical 7T MRI
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Empowering the future of healthcare through STEM education
Access to care
Medical services for cancer patients in rural northeast India
Connected health
Putting patients at the heart of digital healthcare
See all stories
Siemens Healthineers Shape 24 Spotlight
Together towards a sustainable tomorrow
The aim of healthcare is straightforward: to keep people healthy. Yet, paradoxically, the healthcare sector also carries a substantial environmental footprint, accounting for approximately 4.4% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Get insights from some of the world’s most respected healthcare thought leaders.
Learn more
Discover our latest topic collections
Oncology
Liver cancer: From diagnosis to personalized treatment
A well-functioning liver is of vital importance. Learn about interesting facts, diagnosis, and therapy options.
Learn more
Oncology
How lung cancer screening will make a difference
Discover how early detection and intelligent solutions can fundamentally improve lung cancer care.
Learn more
Quicklinks for healthcare professionals
Products & services
Keynote
Expo Hub
Listen to our latest podcast episodes
How generative AI is transforming radiology
How generative AI is transforming radiology
0:00
25:21
25 minutes left
Learn about the relevance of artificial intelligence in radiology and how AI can support early detection of various diseases. Understand how AI can process massive amounts of data, enabling huge advantages in research.
A global perspective on lung cancer screening
A global perspective on lung cancer screening
0:00
23:42
23 minutes left
Hear from experts about the importance of early detection, the programs that have been recently rolled out to increase lung cancer survival rates, and some of the exciting new advancements in the field.
Load more
Sustainability
Our sustainable commitment
The world’s resources are limited; our collective challenges are urgent. At Siemens Healthineers, we want to advance a world where breakthroughs in healthcare create new possibilities with a minimal impact on our planet. As a leading MedTech company we are uniquely positioned to solve healthcare challenges through our technologies and innovative solutions.
Learn more
Investor Relations 
Find our financial calendar, reports, share information & more
Go to Investor Relations
Learn more about us
Our company
We pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably. Learn more about our purpose, our innovation leadership, our culture, and our strategy.
Learn more
Did you know?
Prev
Almost 3/4
of all critical clinical decisions are influenced by our solutions. We are at the center of clinical decision making.
90% 
of leading hospitals have chosen to give us their trust and work with us. We collaborate with researchers, partners, caregivers, and global institutions.
Next
Careers
We as an employer
Current job openings
Investor Relations
Annual Shareholders' Meeting
Reports & presentations
Financial calendar
Press releases, Ad-hocs & RPTs
Share information
Corporate Governance
Investor Relations contact
Press center
Press releases
Press features
Image gallery
Press contact
Healthcare professionals
Conferences & events at the Expo Hub
Other conferences & events
Siemens Healthineers Shape 24 Spotlight
Products & Services
Support & documentation
Siemens Healthineers Experience Center
Contact us
About Us
Company profile
Management
Compliance
Stories from the medtech world
Innovations with impact
Siemens Healthineers MedMuseum
Subscribe to the newsletter
Sign Up
Connect with us on Social Media
Siemens Healthineers AG ©2024Corporate InformationPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms of Use3rd Party LicensesDigital Services Act