HOME
SERVICES
PLANT & EQUIPMENT
SPORTS
NEWS
CONTACT US
MEDIA
1
2
3
4
Prev
Next
MISSION STATEMENT
Excellence is not a skill. It's an attitude... Our attitude is a simple one. Take all of the attributes that a customer would wish to see in a contractor such as experience, commitment and professionalism. Then combine these with an investment in staff and equipment, a desire to achieve perfection and a professional approach and through our attitude we attain excellence.
Our mission is also simple. To create a successful partnership with all of our customers, exceed their expectations and gain their trust through exceptional performance. To be considerate both environmentally and ecologically and to harness fresh ideas ensuring that we are always innovative and at the forefront of our industry.
ABOUT US
Personal and professional service
Irrigation Control was formed in 1993 offering a personal and professional service to the sports turf industry. The company has grown to become one of the UK's leading sports turf irrigation specialists and from humble beginnings now operate throughout Europe.
Adoption of innovative developments
Investment in employees, equipment and the adoption of innovative developments within the irrigation industry ensures that Irrigation Control provide a standard of irrigation system installation that exceeds the expectations and demands of our clients.
Friendly and flexible approach
Located in Warrington, in purpose built premises, we provide a range of installation and service solutions to sports turf venues throughout Europe. Our friendly and flexible approach coupled with our experience and infrastructure has resulted in us becoming “the professionals choice for sports turf irrigation.
NOTTS HOLLINWELL G.C.
After a long and intense selection process Notts G.C (Hollinwell) awarded Irrigation Control the contract to supply and install a new irrigation system, our efforts in the selection process were confirmed by the level and more importantly the standard of workmanship provided by Irrigation Control
– Phil Stain
Course Manager
GOLF
FOOTBALL
HOCKEY
RUGBY
RACECOURSE
LANDSCAPE
01925 418 289 | mail@irrigationcontrol.co.uk
© Irrigation Control Ltd. All right reserved.