Request demo
The regulated, global
FX Marketplace.
See our Products
Request demo
Find your career
Offering the complete suite of trading solutions for FX market participants
Through our broad range of FX trading solutions, 360T is able to provide firms on both the buy- and sell-side with all the technology, services and tools necessary to support their individual business requirements.
With over 2,600 buy-side customers and more than 200 liquidity providers across 75 different countries, today 360T is uniquely positioned to help connect the global FX industry via our proprietary suite of web-based technology solutions. As the Deutsche Börse Group’s global FX unit, we offer a full range of streamlined services across the entire trading workflow of FX and Short-Term Money Market products, enabling firms to transact in a more transparent and efficient manner, whilst also reducing operational and regulatory risk.
Learn more about our history
Our Solutions
INSTITUTIONALS
Scalable and flexible trading technology that allows institutional users to access the liquidity they need with maximum price transparency.
How we help
CORPORATE TREASURERS
Our Treasury solutions are specifically designed to streamline FX trading workflows, enabling corporate treasurers to remain focused on their core functions.
How we help
BANKS
We offer tools that enable banks to simultaneously act as both a Market Maker and Market Taker, sourcing liquidity where they need it and distributing it where they have expertise.
How we help
BROKERS
We offer a state-of-the-art Broker administration tool which allows straight credit account trading, prime brokerage and margin account dealing.
How we help
LIQUIDITY PROVIDERS
360T offers Liquidity Providers a complete range of technology solutions which enable them to seamlessly distribute their flows across our global franchise.
How we help
Award-Winning Products
EMS
360T’s EMS is a functionally rich and complete solution that allows Corporate Treasurers and Asset Managers to completely automate their trading processes.
How we help
BRIDGE
Bridge is 360T’s RFS live pricing GUI. Designed for traders, by traders, it offers a seamless trading experience.
How we help
SUPERSONIC TRADER
360T offers real-time aggregation of Streaming Spot liquidity from both bilateral providers and our anonymous ECN.
How we help
360T'S ACTIVE TRADING SUITE
360T’s Active Trading Suite is comprised of three different innovative offerings: the 360TGTX ECN, our Swaps orderbook 360T SUN and our Streaming NDFs service.
How we help
Content Hub
As a leading technology provider that partners with major FX market participants across the globe, 360T has access to a deep well of expertise and insight into this constantly evolving industry. Through a range of multimedia channels, including videos, podcasts and written articles, we regularly produce informative content that ultimately helps people make better business and trading decisions.
Go to content hub
Sign up for 360T's FX Spotlight – Global views, local insights
Email*
Newsletter Agreement*
By clicking Subscribe, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read and agreed to our Data Use Policy.
To submit the form you need to accept Google reCAPTCHA
Load Google reCAPTCHA
Subscribe
  Find your career
We offer you a clear path to excellence. At 360T we want to grow with our employees. That’s why we are looking for motivated, fast thinking and entrepreneurial minds that embrace change and want to evolve into their role. We seek excellence – our culture focuses on helping us achieve it. Are you ready for your next big challenge?
See our openings
Get your hands-on demo today.
Request demo
COMPANY
Company
Management
Values
Company History
Events
Contact
Careers
CONNECT
linkedin
Imprint
Privacy
Legal Notices & Terms
We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. This includes cookies which are essential for the operation of the website and to manage our corporate commercial objectives, as well as non-essential cookies which are used for anonymous statistical purposes or for more comfortable website settings.

Further information can be found in our Privacy Policy.
Privacy PolicyImprint
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings.
Accept only essential cookies
Change Cookie Settings