This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. View Our Cookie Policy
Ok got it!
EXPERTS IN COLLISION REPAIR SYSTEMS AND WORKSHOP EQUIPMENT FOR BODYSHOPS AND GARAGES
Globaljig Equipment
Chief Automotive Equipment
Motorcycle Equipment
Welding Systems
Garage Equipment
Plastic Welding Systems
Riveting Systems
Accessories and Tools
Cameleon Range
THE TRI-SPHERE EXPERIENCE
Our ranges of collision repair systems and workshop equipment are supplied, fitted and installed to match only your highest expectations. The unrivalled quality of our technical support services derives from over 30 years as the sole supplier of Globaljig Systems to the bodyrepair industry in the UK and Ireland
Globaljig Systems are recognised around the world as the benchmark for collision repairs to all makes of cars and light vans. 
Tri-Sphere is the sole supplier of the Globaljig Systems brand to UK and Ireland bodyshop specialists. Our customers include independent bodyshops, vehicle manufacturers and their approved repair networks.
Our installation, repairs, servicing, recalibration and training will match your highest expectations. Tri-Sphere is your first call for other garage and bodyshop equipment brands, too.
Browse through our ranges of vehicle lifts, welding systems for metal, alloys and plastics, plus tyre balancers, riveting systems and more. We also supply the spares or accessories you may need.
Make contact today.
ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT PEDIGREE
Body repair standards must match OE benchmarks. It’s the way to ensure all collision repair vehicles meet the road safety standards of the original designs. This is why Tri-Sphere works closely with vehicle manufacturers to ensure that the technical data we supply to our customers is accurate. It’s the reason why OE repair networks and so many independent bodyshops choose to install our equipment in their own workshops.
Take a look at our equipment in action. See some of the installations we’ve completed. When you’ve done, why not make contact today.
Contact us
CUSTOMER SERVICES AND OFFERS
Tri-Sphere provides a range of additional services to bodyshops and to garage workshops.
Recalibration is as essential for compliance with quality service standards as it is for ensuring that all vehicle repairs are carried out safely.
Equipment Servicing and a preventive maintenance programme ensures that your equipment – and your business – continues to run smoothly and efficiently.
It’s worth noting that the recalibration of Globaljig Systems may highlight the need for repairs (damaged measuring tapes, for example) that our skilled technicians can complete at the same time. Few general recalibration service providers have the parts to be able to do this.
We also provide offers on new and refurbished equipment from our various product ranges. Take a look at our Featured Offers, below. 
FEATURED OFFERS
REFURBISHED EQUIPMENT
SERVICE & CALIBRATION
INDUSTRY NEWS AND VIEWS
A monthly round-up of equipment news plus topical tips and hints for professionals
BLOG
7th March 2024
Go Max Smart QuickPull
The Go Max Smart QuickPull is the fast turnaround system that you need to buy! Supplied by Globaljig Systems and bodyshop equipment specialist Tri-Sphere, the Go Max Smart QuickPull is…
BLOG
21st December 2023
Christmas Greetings
Christmas Greetings and we wish you a prosperous New Year in 2024 From The Tri-Sphere Team
BLOG
17th July 2023
New and Fast Auto Virus Cleaning System
Introducing Tri-0xyclean: the solution to safe surface interiors that also eradicates unpleasant smells and harmful gases from vehicle interiors. The self-contained automatic procedure produces Ozone inside the cabinet. This kills…
View previous posts
MAKE CONTACT TODAY
If you see something you need or think we can help in any way, use the form below to start a conversation. We’ll get back to you very soon.
Alternatively, you can call us on +44 (0) 1785 282864
Contact Us
Name *
Email *
Telephone *
Message *
Submit
© 2024 Tri-Sphere Bodyshop Equipment Specialists.
Website Design by Red Box Stafford -
Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions