                              DE
                              EN
                              ES
                           Endlessly clean surfaces:
Wandres GmbH micro-cleaning develops effective and reliable cleaning systems for perfectly clean surfaces in industrial production.
NEWS
19. January 2024
Cleaning car bodies effectively with Robot Sword Brush Laura
besserlackieren 17/2023
Read full article
EXHIBITIONS
22. - 25. October 2024
Euroblech in Hannover
Hall 27, booth E155
27th International Sheet Metal Working Technology Exhibition
Find out more

Applications
Boards and Panels
Sheet Metal
Glass
Converting
Automotive
Boards and Panels
Dust-free surfaces are an essential prerequisite for the production of high-end boards and panels. Particles and dust can easily disrupt processing on modern production lines, compromise product quality and prove costly. Our Combi Sword Brushes show impressive results in continuous industrial operations, delivering an outstanding cleaning performance with low operating and maintenance costs.
Cleaning of boards and panels
Testing Facility at our Technology Centre
Boards & Panels

Vehicle Body Shells

Working for Wandres
The ongoing development of our products, direct marketing and a high degree of vertical integration enable us to offer attractive job opportunities and interesting training positions on a regular basis. We are delighted to welcome every new member to our team!
Find out about current openings
Wandres newsletter
Would you like to receive current videos of applications, interesting animations and exciting news from the Wandres GmbH micro-cleaning? Register now and join the Wandres readership.
Newsletter subscription
– Bitte auswählen –
Mr.
Ms.
Mx.


© Imprint
Data protection
Terms and conditions
Sitemap
Downloads
Retoure
Privacy Preference
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience.
Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement. You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings.
Essential
Statistics
External Media
I accept
Accept only essential cookies
Individual Privacy Preferences
Cookie Details Privacy Policy Imprint