Sign Up
Combining Tech & Law
to Keep You Protected
Let's Fight Your Tickets
Parking Ticket
Traffic Ticket
How It Works
Parking ticket and traffic ticket disputes are separate processes
Parking
|
Traffic
SUBMIT
Snap a picture of your ticket, or use the app to search NYC’s servers for tickets associated with your license plate.
REVIEW
Submit any evidence right in the app. Our team will inspect your ticket for errors.
DISPUTE
You're all done! Our team will handle every aspect of your dispute, and update you every step of the way.
SAVE
Every ticket is covered by our risk-free guarantee: We don’t charge you unless your ticket is totally dismissed! Our fee is just 50% of the fine.
Learn More
HOW MUCH YOU WILL SAVE?
Our users saved
Millions of Dollars!
Featured In
DOWNLOAD OUR FREE APP
Use it everywhere
Access our services via online browser or the mobile app.
Traffic Ticket Information
New York Traffic Tickets
Georgia Traffic Tickets
New Jersey Traffic Tickets
Pennsylvania Traffic Tickets
Texas Traffic Tickets
Washington Traffic Tickets
California Traffic Tickets
Florida Traffic Tickets
WinIt
Blog
Chicago
Careers
Support
How it works
FAQ
Cancellation & Refund Policy
Contact
Account
Login
Sign up
Parking Tickets
Traffic Tickets
Profile
Plate Management
© 2024  Winit LLC, 1239 Broadway. New York, NY 10001 | All Rights Reserved.
Contact: support@appwinit.com | 1-888-83-WINIT  (1-888-839-4648)
Winit is neither an "attorney referral service" nor a law firm. As such, your communications with Winit do not constitute legal advice and are not privileged communications. Winit does not endorse or recommend any lawyer or law firm. Winit's proprietary platform is designed to enable both attorneys and users to conveniently manage traffic tickets. Each attorney-client relationship between you and an attorney is formed solely at the time when you formally engage an attorney featured on the Winit platform. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Use of our platform is strictly governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.