Skip to content

Support Packages for all devices
Affordable fully managed support packages to cover ALL of your business requirements including devices, apps, email and website services
Microsoft 365 & Google Workspace
We provide specialist support and licencing for Microsoft 365 and Google Workspace cloud services
Server & Network Support
Our Microsoft Certified Professionals are on hand to provide expertise for your business network infrastructure
Network & Device Monitoring
Our specialist business network support monitors your critical network infrastructure around the clock
Responsive Websites
As a single project, or part of a fully managed service for your business, we can create, host and manage your web presence
Microsoft Azure Cloud Services
Flexible cloud server and storage solutions for larger businesses that require critical business application availability whether in or out of the office
VOIP Telephony
Business telephony systems providing a quality edge to your brand and allowing your staff to stay connected whether in or out of the office
CCTV & Door Access Systems
Fully installed HD CCTV and door access systems to protect you, your staff and your business
Wireless Connectivity
We install and manage both short and long range wireless networks using best-in-class technology
Fully managed monthly services, or just quick support when you need it
Our certified specialists are here to help.
Don’t just take our word for it …
“Inovix kept us informed throughout the process of our systems migration. We got suggestions on what to choose and the service quality more than met our expectations.”
Our Proven Processes Produce Results
1. MEETING
Like all business relationships, we start with a meeting for us to discuss your service requirements.
2. PLANNING
We set out a mutually agreed plan of action and timescale to implement your service requirements
3. EXECUTE
At an agreed point in time, we commence the implementation of our services for your business
4. TESTING
We rigorously test our service implementation within your business to ensure all objectives are met
5. DELIVERY
Once all testing and review procedures are completed and agreed, we go-live and your business partnership with Inovix begins.
We’re Here To Help Your Business Succeed!
LET’S GET STARTED!
© Copyright  2024   |   Inovix Network Solutions Ltd   |   All Rights Reserved
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram