Menu
Donate
Need Help?
LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS
An animals love just keeps going and going and going. It’s unconditional and unlimited. That’s why we take the same approach with everyone who comes through our doors - four legs or two.
Adopt A Dog
Our dogs are looking for a home where they’re loved and a family to help them live their lives to the fullest. Read on if you think that could be you.
Meet Our Dogs
Adopt a Cat
Our cats are ready to find a home with someone who will love and care for them for the rest of their lives. Could this be you?
Meet Our Cats
Our Cause
We give our all to keep loving homes whole and keep pets where they belong – with their families. When that’s not possible, we take them in and love them as if they’re our own. We give every dog and cat the best level of care possible, from food and healthcare to toys and training – all to get them ready for their future family. With open doors and open minds, we aim to break down the stigma people can face when they hit hard times. Because we believe there’s goodness inside every pet and person.
LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS LOVE WITHOUT LIMITS
National Bucket List Day: Ola’s Munro Challenge
April 24, 2024 by Betty Henderson
Today is National Bucket List Day, and we spoke to team member, Ola, who’s currently working towards her bucket list goal.
Read Article
The Taily Mail is back!
April 18, 2024 by Betty Henderson
Read our Spring/Summer issue of the Taily Mail for a sneak peek behind the scenes and a quick tour through the Home's history as well as some happy rehoming stories.
Read Article
Need Help?
Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home is here for more than just our animals. Our mission is to be there for every pet, and owner in their hour of need. Click here to see how we can help.
Find Out More
0131 669 5331
Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home
26 Seafield Road East
Edinburgh
EH15 1EH
ABOUT
Governance
Fundraising Practices
Privacy
LATEST
News
Jobs
Publications
CONTACT US
Contact Us
FAQs
Feedback
Sign Up
© 2024 Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home. All Rights Reserved. Scottish Charity No. SC 006914
Site by Primate.