Skip to content
V-Maxx Sale now on with 10% Saving off Springs & Coilovers!
10% Saving With The Summer Sale!
Get Even Lower with 10% Saving On Coilovers
Cart
PRODUCT
           Select Product
          
            
           LOWERING SPRING KITS
      
           COILOVER KITS
      
           BIG BRAKE KITS
      
         MAKE
          Select Make
         YEAR
          Select Year
         MODEL
          Select Model
         ENGINE
          Select Engine
         SPECIFICATION
          Select Specification
         Drive low
V-Maxx coil-overs offer incredible adjustment at great prices. Get your car sitting how you want.
Brake Hard
V-Maxx offer a huge range of TUV approved Big Brake Kits, so you can brake hard with confidence.
Get Low
V-Maxx Lowering springs are a great way of getting your vehicle sitting right.
1
/
of
4
V-Maxx Big Brake Kits
Looking to upgrade your brakes? The V-Maxx Big Brake Kits are perfect, offering a range of 4 & 6 Pot set ups with 2 pc discs and braided line options.
V-Maxx Coilovers
With height & damping options V-Maxx is the best way of getting your vehicle set up how you want.
V-Maxx Lowering Springs
A popular way to lower your car, with great lowering options V-Maxx lowering springs can be the right balance between looks and price.
Why Choose V-Maxx?
With an intensive test and inspection program V-Maxx ensure the best design and materials are used in their products this guarantees a long lasting, enjoyable, sporty and especially safe.
V-Maxx works closely with the German TUV to comply not only with the strick european quality and safety regulations, but also to make the best application for your car.
Extensive Testing
To show the high quality of the product V-Maxx products come with a 2-year warranty and most of the range comes with German approved TUV.
Got a van? Choose V-maxx
V-Maxx have the Van market covered with their most popular applications being the Caddy and Transporter. With high build quality and fantastic adjustment, it's easy to see why.
More Websites In The POTN Group
Terms & Conditions
Search
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Shipping Policy
Terms of Service
V-Maxx Shop
Powered by POTN the home of online car parts.
Open: Monday-Thursday 08:30am - 5:00pm, Friday 08:30am - 4:30pm
40 Huxley Close, Park Farm IND EST, Northants, NN8 6AB
Email: sales@potn.co.uk Call: 01604 212140
Subscribe to our emails
Email
Country/region
United Kingdom | GBP £
Payment methods
© 2024, V-maxx shop Powered by POTN