Tel: +44 (0) 1737 762300
Menu
INDUSTRY SECTORS
EVENTS
CASE STUDIES
NEWS
BROCHURES
ABOUT
CAREERS
CONTACT
Ground Anchors for a variety of market sectors
We are the global market leaders in the design, manufacture and supply of Percussion Driven Earth Anchors (PDEA®).
Civil Engineering & Construction
We are renowned for providing innovative & cost-effective ground anchoring solutions for a wide range of applications.
ARGS® – Anchored Reinforced Grid Solutions
Platipus ARGS® Systems are ideal for stabilizing slopes where inadequate drainage / vegetation have caused instability.
Landscape, Tree Anchoring & Irrigation
Platipus has developed the largest range of tree anchoring and irrigation systems for almost every planting situation.
Pipeline Buoyancy
Platipus has created a number of standard earth anchoring solutions that are perfect for small and large pipelines.
Electricity & Communication
Platipus has developed a range of anchor systems ideal for upgrading or refurbishing distribution networks.
Other Industries
Platipus Percussion Driven Earth Anchors (PDEA®) can also be used for applications in many other industry sectors.
Need help with your earth anchoring project now? Call +44 (0) 1737 762300
Alternatively, use our contact form or request a presentation below
What is a Platipus Percussion Driven Earth Anchor (PDEA®)?
The Platipus Percussion Driven Earth Anchor (PDEA®) is a unique, modern and versatile device that can be rapidly deployed in most displaceable ground conditions. It offers a lightweight corrosion resistant earth anchor that can be driven from ground level using conventional portable equipment. It creates minimal disturbance of the soil during installation, can be stressed to an exact holding capacity and made fully operational immediately. As a completely dry system it also has minimal environmental impact.
Over the past 43 years Platipus has developed a comprehensive range of temporary and permanent earth anchoring systems  (PDEA®) suitable for applications within the Civil Engineering & Construction, Landscape, Pipeline, Electricity & Communications, Marine, Photovoltaic and Vineyard Industries.
Why choose Platipus Earth Anchoring Systems?
With over 40 years‘ experience and thousands of successful projects completed worldwide, Platipus® has developed a comprehensive range of ground anchoring solutions designed for most applications and industry sectors.
As part of our commitment to deliver a complete package for our customers we offer pre-contract site evaluation and anchor testing together with on-site training and support. We can provide real-time technical support at all stages of the design and installation process including specification guidance, AutoCad drawings and non-chargeable System / Conceptual Proposals, outlining possible ground anchoring solutions suitable for your project. In addition, we are able to supply a full Indemnified Design through our Geotechnical Consulting team, which are chargeable. We are able to offer a supply and installation service through our network of Platipus Approved Installers (UK only) and global Distributors / Partners.
We also understand the importance of Continued Professional Development. Our philosophy is to offer busy professionals the opportunity to discover the advantages of the Platipus anchoring solutions through a comprehensive 1 to 1, group or webinar technical presentation, at a time and location convenient to you.
News
Architect 24′ Expo in Bangkok
Our Tree Anchoring distributor in Thailand, D1 System Co., Ltd., is currently exhibiting at the Architect ‘24 Expo in Bangkok until 5th May. Our Platipus Deadman System is on...
Read More
Request a Presentation





Please choose your sector:
Civil Engineering & Construction
Anchored Reinforced Grid Solutions
Landscape, Tree Anchoring & Irrigation
Pipeline Buoyancy
Electricity & Communication Transmission & Distribution
Photovoltaic Applications (PV)
Temporary & Permanent Structures
Marine Applications
Vineyards, Fruit & Crop Protection
Not Listed

Send Request
Get in touch
Platipus Anchors Limited
Kingsfield Business Centre,
Philanthropic Road, Redhill,
Surrey, RH1 4DP England
T: +44 (0) 1737 762300
E: info@platipus-anchors.com
CIVIL ENGINEERING & CONSTRUCTION  |  ANCHORED REINFORCED GRID SOLUTIONS  |  LANDSCAPE, TREE ANCHORING, IRRIGATION AND AERATION  |  PIPELINE BUOYANCY  |  ELECTRICITY & COMMUNICATIONS  |  OTHER INDUSTRIES
© 2024 Platipus Anchors Ltd.  All rights reserved.
Content Sitemap | News Sitemap | Projects Sitemap
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Cookie settings
ACCEPT