About Us
Diary
Trips & Reports
Gallery
Expeditions
Contact
Welcome to York University Cave and Pothole club.
Exploring caves all over the world since 1981.
If you want to experience places few people get to see, wander in caverns six times the size of York Minster and abseil down to 300 metres underground, then come and see US! YUCPC is an ever-growing group of friendly cavers who meet every Tuesday & Thursday in the University Sports Hall at 8:00pm. We go caving every weekend, in the Yorkshire Dales, Peak District and sometimes further a field such as Wales and the Mendips. You don’t need to worry about gear as we have all the equipment and clothing you need... read more
Events
May 10th - 12th
TSG Weekend
June 7th - 9th
NPC Weekend
December 6th - 8th
Christmas Meal Weekend
More events in the diary...
  Trip Reports
1 April 2024
Ogof Ffynnon Ddu 1 to Cwm Dwr Birth Canals and then Fault Aven Series
Rosie Marshall wrote...
The idea to go to the Fault Aven series from OFD 1 had spawned early in the week after Max had cleverly collapsed the Cwm Dwr boulder choke and made it inaccessible for the foreseeable future. This made a Cwm Dwr trip somehow more appealing to me since we’d have to go through the ‘backdoor’ of 1 or Top entrance. Add to this my ongoing leg injury that made any streamway caving painful and a conversation with Ian from SWCC about the Pom-Pom and I was fully set on getting into Cwm Dwr from 1 via the high level, with... read more
  Photos & Videos
18 April 2024
Crackpot Cave (2 pictures I took) by Henry Wise
More photos & videos...
For more info on caving for the first time, check out the New to Caving website...
Club Constitution (pdf)
Club Code of Practice (pdf)
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
About YUCPC
Diary
Trips & Reports
Photo & Video Gallery
Expeditions
Contact Us
Join the Club
Info for Freshers

Copyright 2024 York University Cave & Pothole Club. All rights reserved. Photos are copyright to individual members and must not be used elsewhere without consent.
Comments and hyperlinks submitted by members are not necessarily the views adopted by The Club. YUCPC are members of the British Caving Association and actively promote the sport of caving & potholing.
Site by Computer FX