(704)-525-6288 Schedule an Appointment Online Forms
English
    Menu
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Experts
Are you hoping to get out of pain? Back to work? Back to the activities you love to do?  Our team is dedicated to helping you get your hope back and working with you along your journey toward achieving a healthy, active life.  
Injured federal worker? We have experts in physical and emotional injury care and the case management experience to help you get your case approved.  
Experience the difference.  Contact us today and find out how we can help you.



Meet Our Team
Federal Workers Comp
Renewed Therapy
CALL US TODAY. SEE US TODAY. 704-525-6288
Hablamos Español
Schedule An Appointment
1
Enter Patient
Information
2
Choose a
Date & Time
Enter patient information in the required fields below.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Mobile Phone *
How did you hear about us? *
Check here to agree to our privacy policy.
CONTINUE
New Patient Forms | FWC Form| Nueva Forma Paciente
If you're a new patient, you can save time on your first appointment by filling out the New Patient Forms above prior to your visit.
Office Hours:
M - Th | 9am – 5pm
Fri | 9am – 2pm
Patient Testimonials
Leg & Neuropathy Pain
Federal Work Injury
View All Patient Testimonials
Learn More about:
Symptoms
Treatments
Popular Offerings
Low Back Pain
Leg Pain – Neuropathy
Knee Pain
Begin Your Own Success Story
Dynamic Health Carolinas believes in a team-based approach to healing. And we believe it because it works. Our team has a history of successes with patients who have come to us after long, frustrating battles with failed treatment methods. In other words, we offer hope.
This record of tremendous patient successes is the result of our approach in treating the deepest supportive structures along the spine, spinal cord, and joints. We accomplish this by utilizing equipment and treatment protocols unmatched by other facilities, which gives us the ability to tailor our care just for you.
We pay attention to your concerns and symptoms, and we give each patient a truly individualized experience — even for the most difficult cases.
Armed with an experienced team, the most advanced diagnostic and treatment equipment available, and an expertise about how the body functions, Dynamic Health Carolinas is your solution for happiness and healing. From pain relief, to  renewal treatments, to weight loss and anti-inflammatory programs, your path to a healthier life starts here.
It’s time that you experience the difference of Dynamic Health Carolinas. Call us or stop by today at 4705 South Boulevard to begin your own success story.
*If you decide to purchase additional treatment, you have the legal right to change your mind within three days and receive a refund. Some Medicare/Medicaid recipients may not be eligible for the free offer.
Explore Pain Regions
Headaches
Cervical Neck Pain
Sinus Allergies & TMJ Pain
Shoulders
Internal Organ Pain
Elbow Pain
Spinal Injury
Hand & Wrist Pain
Hip Pain
Knee Pain
Foot & Ankle Pain
Upper Back Pain
Mid Back Pain
Lower Back Pain
Whole Body Pain
Arm
Leg


4705 South Blvd.
Charlotte, NC 28217

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Healthcare Disclaimer
USEFUL LINKS
About Us
Chronic Pain Management
Physical Rehabilitation
Weight Loss Programs
NEED HELP?
 Call: 704.525.6288
 SMS: 704.525.6288 

Billing & Financial
  Email Us

General Inquires
  Email Us

Hours:
M - Th | 9am – 5pm
Fri | 9am – 2pm


Contact Us
*NOTE: Individual results may vary. Patient testimonials are provided as examples of some patients results and experience, however, all patients are unique and these examples are not meant to present or to imply that any one patient’s results can be expected by another patient.
© 2023 Dynamic Health Carolinas • Website Services by Reunion Marketing


- Dynamic Health Carolinas
“My visit was great. Very welcoming people. Everyone!!! The place was clean and down to business.”
 — Tomara Rivers, in the last 2 weeks
X
by Review Wave
Let's Chat?