≡
WELCOME TO GEWS LTD
GET IN TOUCH TODAY:
01766 771159 | 0800 3282801
enquiries@gews.co.uk
Contact Us
- WHO WE ARE -
Gwynedd Environmental Waste Services Limited (GEWS Ltd) is a family owned and operated waste management and drainage services Company providing a professional, fast, reliable, friendly & competitive liquid waste collection and disposal service and drainage service to domestic, commercial and industrial customers. We do exactly what our name suggests. We can take care of all your liquid waste quickly, cleanly, and efficiently with no fuss at all. Liquid waste disposal does not have to be a hassle - simply call GEWS Ltd, and let us take care of everything.
Since establishing in 1994, GEWS Ltd has developed into one of Wales' leading drainage and waste disposal companies, currently employing over 80 full time staff. Our Head Office is based in Penrhyndeudraeth, Gwynedd, with 3 smaller depots based in Gaerwen (Anglesey), Queensferry and Shrewsbury. You will note the wide geographical area covered by the business, covering the whole of Wales, and many parts of the Marches including Cheshire, Shropshire and Herefordshire, with over two and a half thousand active customers, including Local Authorities, commercial and private.
- WHAT WE DO -
Domestic Services Commercial Services
- HOW WE DO IT -
With Combination Jetter/ Vacuum units, Rigid vacuum tankers, Articulated vacuum tankers, Jetters, CCTV surveying vehicles, 5000 gallon articulated aqua tank to supply clean water to Vactors for the larger jobs where hydrant water supply is not readily available, 13 metre reach telescopic handler mounted safety platform for confined space entry to open tanks, 32 tonne grab loader/tipper, Confined space team and equipment and Traffic management including traffic control vehicles.
- WHERE WE DO IT -
We cover the whole of Wales, and some surrounding areas such as Cheshire, Shropshire, Herefordshire. If you are based outside of these areas, please get in touch as we still may be able to help.
Area We Cover
 



ACCREDITATIONS
Right
Site Map | Privacy Policy
© 2022 Copyright GEWS Ltd. Website by Delwedd
Company Reg No: 4364145 | V.A.T. No: 793738573