414-462-5483
eyewitnessmilwaukee@gmail.com    
Schedule An Appointment
Eyewitness for life
We understand that an unwanted or unexpected pregnancy can be terrifying and the choices you face are stressful. You might feel pressured to make a quick decision. Before you decide, call us. We will confirm if you are still pregnant with a free ultrasound. The ultrasound helps you to understand what your options are.
Schedule an Appointment

If you are pregnant and considering abortion, you’ve found the right place.
Eyewitness for Life is a free pregnancy center just for women like you. We will do our gentle best to give you space to figure out what direction to take. We provide free ultrasounds and pregnancy information. Why not take advantage of this free service?
Call Us: 414-462-5483
eyewitnessmilwaukee@gmail.com
If you don’t know what to do next, call, text or email now.
An unexpected pregnancy can be a difficult situation. The choice you make will affect you for the rest of your life.
Your family, relationships, and other children impact this decision.
Your finances, living situation, and job may impact this decision.
Your education or plans for the future could impact this decision.
It’s scary. If you don’t know what to do, call, text or email now. We can help.
Why an Ultrasound?
An ultrasound is unbiased. It provides accurate information that you need to make your decision.
Our services
Ultrasound
Pregnancy ultrasound.
Digital and printed pictures for you to take home
Pregnancy Options
Discuss all your options with our caring staff in a non-judgmental atmosphere
Pregnancy Care Connections
We network with a long list of agencies that provide support to pregnant and parenting moms (such as: parenting classes, diapers, formula, baby clothes, car seats, etc.)
Pregnancy Statements
For WIC, Healthy Start
Ob-Gyn Recommendations
Ultrasound picture frame
Adoption Referrals
If you want to explore this option
Digital download of your ultrasound pictures and videos
Client testimonials
You guys were very helpful and nice and answered all my questions.
Nia
We're here for you
I would like info about:
Abortion
Adoption
How far am I
Free ultrasound
Other
Send Message
Eyewitness for Life, Ltd., is a nonprofit corporation existing under the laws of the State of Wisconsin. All Ultrasounds given are nondiagnostic and provided solely for educational purposes.
Quick links
Schedule an Appointment
Watch our Videos
Why an Ultrasound?
Support this Clinic
Contact details
Find us
2525 N Mayfair Rd, Suite 30, Wauwatosa, WI 53226
Call us
414-462-5483
Write us
eyewitnessmilwaukee@gmail.com
© 2023 Eyewitness For Life