About Us
Our Services
Get Involved
Life After
Donations
Latest
21st CENTURY REHABILITATION
At BASIC our experts are committed to rebuilding lives following brain and spinal injuries.
Virtual Reality Rehabilitation
Using cutting-edge Virtual Reality to develop stamina, cognitive skills and confidence.
Veterans Support
Rehabilitation supported by grants means no cost to the veteran or their family - see what's available
Body BASIC Gym
Specialist equipment not found in conventional gyms to aid with physical development for those in need of it.
“When I first attended, I had no confidence to either stand or walk even with a stroller. Now with the care of Caroline and Carol I can stand freely, on some days to the count of 100, and I can walk a short distance with a stroller, take my own coat off and wash the upper part of my body myself. The two ladies, the ‘Dynamic Duo’, have given me the confidence to do all this.” – VR Client 2019
Self Referrals
At BASIC, we believe that everyone should have access to high-quality rehabilitation after suffering from a brain or spinal injury. We offer a range of services that are suitable for severe injuries to minor injuries.
Click here
Professional referrals
If you are a medical professional and wish to refer a patient for one of our services, you can submit a referral by clicking the button below
Click here
Why not help us out?
YOUR GENEROSITY HELPS REBUILD LIVES.
Donate now!
“I needed to be able to cope with the mental trauma of what happened to me, and BASIC helped me in dealing with this” – PTSD Client 2020
“BASIC has improved my walking, confidence and hope for the future. You’ve really helped with my whole recovery. I am now back at work one day a week. – VR Client 2019
“His condition [PTSD] led him to get fired from his first civilian job. We almost lost our home as a result because it was only me working. It’s been very much a battle along the way. To have the support here and the treatment and come home, it’s brought peace to our house. The level of support we’ve had here totally outweighs everything.” – Partner of Iraq/Afghanistan veteran
Location
554 Eccles New Rd,
Salford M5 5AP
Our Hours
10:00AM – 17:00PM
Monday – Thursday
Contact
Phone: 0161 707 6441
Email: enquiries@basiccharity.org.uk
Subscribe to our newsletter
Please enter your email address
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Registered Charity No. 518806, Company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales, No. 01944414
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok