Cookie-Zustimmung verwalten
Wir verwenden Technologien wie Cookies, um Geräteinformationen zu speichern und/oder darauf zuzugreifen. Wir tun dies, um das Surferlebnis zu verbessern und um personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen. Wenn Sie diesen Technologien zustimmen, können wir Daten wie das Surfverhalten oder eindeutige IDs auf dieser Website verarbeiten. Wenn Sie Ihre Zustimmung nicht erteilen oder zurückziehen, können bestimmte Funktionen beeinträchtigt werden.
Akzeptieren
Ablehnen
Einstellungen ansehen
Cookie-Richtlinie
Privacy Policy
Impressum
Support
Login
3D Printers for
Dental Application.







Dental
The innovative solution for efficiency and precision: Rapid Shape’s 3D printer for dental applications. Optimize your workflow with modern technology!
Jewelry
3D prototyping and manufacturing for filigree and solid jewelry parts. Rapid Shape offers 3D printing for moments of happiness.
Hearing Aid
Earmolds and hearing protection for high requests of surface quality. Individual 3D printing for more safety and comfort.
Industry
This is what contemporary, industrial series production looks like: Automated 3D printing without downtime, but cost-effective, fast and reliable.
Say Hello to Our New 50+ Line.
As a Family-Run Business We Stand for Highest Quality
Made in Germany.
We are pleased to be able to offer a perfect 3D printer for every need. Start with the small model for startups or small businesses and increase to automated large-scale production and beyond to mass production. Rapid Shape makes professional use possible and equips you to take your business into a successful future. We promise that we will not only meet but also exceed your expectations.
Rapid Shape’s RS inline Enables Automated Series Production Around the Clock. This Is the Future!
3D Printing Technology with Knowledge, Experience and Passion.
Our experienced developers and technicians have been intensively researching 3D printing for many years. They form a passionate, smart team that never stops working on the advancement of 3D printing technology. Not only do we work continuously on perfecting our 3D printers, but we are committed to discovering new developments that you can use professionally, effectively, and efficiently in your production. For you, this means quality, progress, and success beyond your expectations!
Subscribe to Our Newsletter.
Get exclusive information about the world of 3D printing and our successful work.
SUBSCRIBE
Professional Solutions for All Applications.
3D printing is supposed to save time – not cost you time. This is exactly what our patented solutions provide.
Dental Applications
Jewelry Applications
Hearing Aid Parts
Industry Applications
Address
Roemerstrasse 21
71296 Heimsheim
Germany
Contact
+49 7033 309878-0
info@rapidshape.de
Office hours
Monday till Friday
8:00 a.m. – 16:00 p.m. (CET)
Service
Maintenance Center
Knowledge Center
© Copyright - Rapid Shape GmbH 2024
Imprint
AGB / GTC
Privacy Policy
Cookie-Richtlinie (EU)