MAKING A DIFFERENCE, INC.
Counseling
More
Call Us: 580-233-5900
DONATE
Contact Us
Making A Difference in Enid, OK Since 2008.
Counseling
Addresses specific problem(s) and goals identified by the client. 
Provides a confidential, non-threatening, and non-judgmental setting.
Professional therapists who are skilled in helping clients achieve their goals.
Read More
Organizational Info
As a non-profit, we partner with many individuals, businesses, and churches in the community. 
Click below to read more about our partners, donors, and a list of board members.
Read More
MAD Youth Programs
MAD AEROSPACE AFTERS CHOOL PROGRAM
MAD MICRO LEARNING CENTER
Read More
ABOUT US
Our mission is to make a difference in our world by providing various social services and activities that will meet the needs of people and families in our community. Making A Difference, Inc. is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit agency, founded in 2008. We provide counseling services to children and adults, a youth program, and Feed the Neighborhood - an annual community event that provides school supplies and other resources to help families prepare for the school year.
Making A Difference receives funding through fee-for-service pay from Medicaid, Medicare, private insurances, Employee Assistance Programs, and private pay. The youth program relies on public donations, grants and government funding along with member fees. Feed the Neighborhood is supported entirely by community partnerships, volunteers, and donations from individuals, businesses, religious institutions, and other agencies.
HOW EACH PROGRAM IS FUNDED
Partner With Us
CONTACT US
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Message
Send
Because we are having a high volume of referrals, the best way to get information or to request counseling services at this time is to call our office directly at 580-233-5900. 
INFO
New Address: 129 N. University Ave.
Enid, OK 73701
Phone: 580-233-5900
Email:  differencemaker@enidmad.org
OFFICE HOURS
Mon - Fri: 9am - 6pm
Saturday - Sunday: closed
PARTNER WITH US
Join our team
Donate
Volunteer