Do you have the energy and focus to deal with the working world of today?
Do your teams have the cohesion and mindset to progress in times of change?
We work with organisations who recognise that their people are critical for sustained success.
FOR LEADERS…
We offer coaching and mentoring. Our work focuses on their Energy, Balance, Communication, Health and Wellbeing, and 21st century leadership.
FOR TEAMS…
We offer workshops, talks and webinars. Our training focuses on their Energy, Resilience, Efficiency, Adaptability and Culture.
FOR ORGANISATIONS…
We offer our digital platform. Our approach focuses on organisational Energy, Wellbeing, Engagement, Cohesion and Environment.
Since 2008, Optima-life has been supporting organisations who want to take their resilience and their performance to the next level by focusing on the wellbeing, engagement and productivity of their most important asset: their people. Our MAINframe methodology is key.  Measuring and Analysing, allows us to create understanding; Inspiring workshops and keynotes address the human factors that influence both the wellbeing of your people and the performance culture of your organisation; and Nurturing provides the ongoing support required to ensure that knowledge is embedded. We pride ourselves on the impact we have had and always aim to deliver a proposition that is rubber stamped with our values: Progressive, Fairness and Community.
We are proud of the impact we have had on organisations. This video provides an overview on a project performed with North West Ambulance Service NHS Trust. This report provides further information on the impact of our work for them.
  Previous
Next
Get in touch…
If you want to nurture your people to be energised, focused and purposeful, talk to us now. Call: 020 7135 2424. Email: info@optima-life.com
© Copyright - Optima-life - website produced by 100AND10%
Terms of Website use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
OkRead more