Riding the Wave
The Blanks
ON CD FROM OUR MERCH STORE
Merchandise
Clothing, shot glasses
FROM OUR MERCH STORE
European Store
Clothing, bags, & CD's
EUROPEAN MERCH STORE
The Blanks®
play
previous
next
Hey Ya
Over the Rainbow
Don't Tell Me
Superman
Superman
Charles in Charge
A Little Polish
Testy Tiger
Commandos (Attack!)
Good Old Days
Elliot In Your Cup
By Mennen - G Major
Happy Halloween
The Full Monty
Testy Tiger - Reprise
Facts Of Life
By Mennen - D Major
Flipper Theme
Speed Racer
The Riff Song
Boing Fwip
Underdog
Six Million Dollar Man
Testy Tiger - Additional Reprise
I'll Be Seeing You
The Ballad Of Jimmy Durante
HOME
SHOWS
BIOS
NEWS
PRESS
VIDEO/MEDIA
CONTACT
STORE
Welcome to our web site.
We're The Blanks, a quartet of friends who sing
a cappella music and perform sketch comedy. We love
to sing, entertain and make people laugh, so our shows
include skits, antics, choreography (the kind a 5-year
old could memorize), talking toys as lead singers (!),
and mildly effective costume changes. We appeared on
eight seasons of the TV show Scrubs as “Ted's Band” or
“The Worthless Peons” – yup, we're those same four guys.
Our unique live show appeals to fans of Scrubs but just as
equally to fans of the TV show Glee, the Marx Brothers,
the Three Stooges, and Monty Python….
Check out our full show listing
The Blanks are a group of friends who started harmonizing together at parties to impress the ladies. The creator of the sitcom Scrubs heard us, thought we were ridiculous, and put us on the show. He said he wanted to recreate his worst nightmare--being trapped in an elevator with an a cappella group. Eight seasons on TV led to our touring the US, the UK, Europe, and Australia, and having an absolute blast.
Our leader, our brother, and our rock, Sam, passed away this year, and we mourn him deeply. He leaves behind a beautiful wife, infant child...and some lead vocal tracks. Look for our new release, a cover of "Overkill", with Sam taking up the Colin Hay mantle. Mixing the track has been heartwrenching, but also a way to hear Sam's soulful voice and irrepressible good humor again.
We miss you, Sam, and hope you like what you hear.
Click here to read how Sam's Friends and Family remember him
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Sign up on our mailing list to receive a free limited edition MP3 download of our new single:
"Teenagers Forget Streisand because the Only Girl is Cooler than Dynamite" - our Katy Perry, Cee Lo Green, Duck Sauce, Rihanna and Taio Cruz medley


LATEST VIDEO
More Videos
Take On Me (A-ha cover)
Uploaded on 02/07/13
HEY HEY everybody, here's our cover of the 80's pop hit "Take On Me," by A-ha with a video from footage we filmed in Edinburgh, Scotland. Sam did a version of this song on Cougar Town (appearing as his Scrubs' character, "Ted Buckland") and we liked it enough to give it a try. Speaking of Cougar Town we all appeared on another episode as the complete "Ted's Band" or "The Worthless Peons," or our off-screen name, The Blanks (or should that be The Bla-hanks?). We hope you like it! Feel free to pass it along to the world via social media shares. We don't mind, we really don't.
LATEST NEWS & SHOWS
More News
Take on Me
New Single! Available now on iTunes, Amazon and all other digital stores and streaming sites. iTunes link here: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/take-on-me-single/id659583056
We appear on ABC TV's "Cougar Town" March 13th
Catch us on Tuesday, March 13th in the US, Canada (we think) and soon everywhere else on the ABC network TV comedy "Cougar Town." We make an appearance as The Worthless Peons, as does Sam as Ted Buckland. This special episode also features several other favorites from Scrubs - don't miss it!
Touring Australia!
Hey everyone, we're on tour in Australia right now. Check our Shows page for more info.
© Copyright 2024 The Blanks
Site by Fantasmagorical
MySpace
Facebook
Twitter
lastFm
iTunes