023 8000 1560 info@osteopathineastleigh.com
<p>Please contact me via my contact form at vcita:</p> <a href='https://www.vcita.com/v/c61efb5c/contact?invite=vr_cf_pb-c61efb5c'>Contact Form for Back2Basics Osteopathy</a>
vCita Html Contact Form
Welcome to Back2Basics Osteopathy
Osteopathic Treatment to relieve pain.
Back2Basics is a specialist Osteopathic clinic offering personalised care that will get to the root of your pain.
If we can see the problem we have a starting position. We have to ask ourselves WHY has this person got this problem? There are lists and lists of what precipitates and maintains problems.
What is Osteopathy?
Osteopathy is a form of drug-free non-invasive manual medicine that focuses on total body health by treating and strengthening the musculoskeletal framework, which includes the joints, muscles and spine. Its aim is to positively affect the body’s nervous, circulatory and lymphatic systems.
This therapy is a unique holistic (whole body) approach to health care. Osteopaths do not simply concentrate on treating the problem area, but use manual techniques to balance all the systems of the body, to provide overall good health and wellbeing.
Dr. Andrew Taylor Still established the practice of Osteopathy in the late 1800s in the United States of America, with the aim of using manual ‘hands on’ techniques to improve circulation and correct altered biomechanics, without the use of drugs.
Opening Hours
MONDAY
9:00am – 1.00pm
TUESDAY
9:00am – 5:30pm
WEDNESDAY
9:00am – 5:30pm
THURSDAY
9:00am – 1.00pm
FRIDAY
9:00am – 4:30pm
SATURDAY
9:00am – 1.00pm
SUNDAY
Closed
What are the qualities of Osteopathy
The philosophy of Osteopathy is what sets it apart from other medical disciplines. The key principles are based on all parts of the body functioning together in an integrated manner. If one part of the body is restricted, then the rest of the body must adapt and compensate for this, eventually leading to inflammation, pain, stiffness and other health conditions. When the body is free of restrictions in movement, Osteopathic treatment assists the body with pain minimisation, reduced stress and greater mobility providing the body with the opportunity to heal itself.
Osteopaths use a broad range of gentle hands-on techniques including soft tissue stretching, deep tactile pressure, and mobilisation or manipulation of joints.
In some cases, Osteopaths can complement the advice given by GPs. For example, people who suffer from arthritis are often prescribed medication by their GP. In addition to that, Osteopaths can ease the pain caused by joint and muscle stiffness, by improving joint mobility and the flow of blood to the joints, and show arthritis sufferers how to prevent causing injury to themselves.
Osteopathy is a five-year university course, which includes a degree and masters qualification. Senior Osteopathy students complete clinical training under the supervision of registered Osteopaths at student teaching clinics Osteopaths believe in working as part of a health system of health providers and often refer back to the G.P. or another allied health professional where appropriate.
What are the benefits of Osteopathy.
The great thing about osteopathy is we treat the patient not the condition.So even if you have a chronic condition that cannot be cured, like arthritis, we can still help to improve your quality of life. We can improve the way your body functions; so help with recurrent conditions by looking for, and resolving, the underlying problems, especially in sports injuries.We are happy to take patients on for management treatment,if you have long term issues;where physiotherapy will often only offer a short course of treatment,but we will never carry on treatment if it is not effective.We put you in charge of controlling your program which will often involve home-work such as exercise or specific rest periods,or hot and cold treatments when there are inflammatory states.
Osteopathy is a five-year university course, which includes a degree and masters qualification. Senior Osteopathy students complete clinical training under the supervision of registered Osteopaths at student teaching clinics Osteopaths believe in working as part of a health system of health providers and often refer back to the G.P. or another allied health professional where appropriate.
Are You Suffering Chronic Pain?
CONTACT US NOW
Here are just some of the conditions we can treat
The most common conditions that we treat are:
Back and Neck Pain
Shoulder and Arm Problems
Pelvis, Hip and Leg Problems
Sports and Other Injuries
However, patients have found osteopathy helpful for many other conditions. If you want to find out more we are happy to talk through your symptoms prior to arranging an appointment, call 023 8000 1560 .
For more detail about how osteopathy can help a range of common conditions click on any of the problem areas below.
Arthritis
ARTHRITIS THERAPY
Back Pain
BACK PAIN TREATMENT
Ankle or Foot Pain
ANKLE OR FOOT THERAPY
Knee Pain
KNEE PAIN TREATMENT
Neck Pain
NECK PAIN THERAPY
Shoulder Pain
SHOULDER PAIN THERAPY
Elbow Pain
ELBOW PAIN THERAPY
Headaches
HEADACHE TREATMENTS
Hip Pain
HIP PAIN THERAPY
SEND US A MESSAGE
<p>Please contact me via my contact form at vcita:</p> <a href='https://www.vcita.com/v/c61efb5c/contact?invite=vr_cf_pb-c61efb5c'>Contact Form for Back2Basics Osteopathy</a>
vCita Html Contact Form
FIND US
Phone: 023 8000 1560
Email: info@osteopathineastleigh.com
Address: 17 Browsholme Close Eastleigh, Southampton Hampshire SO50 4PR
© 2024 Back2Basics Osteopath Eastleigh Southampton.
Design & SEO by CLICK Web Development