Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Home
About the Practitioner
Treatments
Acupuncture & Chinese Medicine Videos
Chinese Herbal Medicine
FAQs and Methods
Testimonials
Contact Us
Welcome to Zen-Ohs Acupuncture & Wellness
Our breadth of experience, knowledge, and commitment to East Asian Medicine is strong. Since our opening in 2007, we have treated hundreds of patients for ailments ranging from the simple to the complex.  Our goal is to work with patients on multiple levels so as to restore the body and mind back to balance.
Zen-Ohs Acupuncture & Wellness is dedicated to solving modern day health issues through acupuncture, Chinese herbal medicine, and physical manipulation therapies.
We promise quality care through our specialized treatment packages available for purchase.  We also participate in most insurance networks such as The Empire Plan, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Cigna, Aetna, Humana, 1199 SIEU, No-Fault and Workers Compensation.
Please call us for a consultation to see if Zen-Ohs Acupuncture & Wellness is for you!
Testimonials
Read Reviews from our Patients
Billy Singh
May 10th, 2022
Show full review details
Game Changer
Changed my life my 1st visit ..... countless visits to orthopedic doctors with no results... Billy rid me of the pain that the doctors could not.... J.G. Read full review
James G.









« PREV | 1 of 10 | NEXT »
More Testimonials
Treatments
Pain Relief
Acupuncture is an effective treatment for pain management since it helps the body heal the injury rather than merely mask the pain as is usually the case with allopathic (western) medicinal therapies.
Learn More
Mental Balance
Stress reduction is perhaps, the most common reason for a person to seek acupuncture treatments. Today, most people carry around a high level of stress caused by the demands of the 21st century. Stress that we face in our day-to-day lives--whether it is from pressures of work, family, money, interpersonal relationships or environment--can show up in the body.
Learn More
Wellness
According to scientific research, when under the stimulation of acupuncture, the neuro-endocrine system affects the receptors of the immune organs and cells by releasing many kinds of neurotransmitters and hormones to regulate the immune system.
Learn More
Cancer Care
A number of cancer centers in the US., including Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (DFCI) in Boston, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in NY, and M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houtson are integrating acupuncture in to cancer care.
Learn More
Infertility
Acupuncture has gained widespread popularity for treating female infertility.
Learn More
Have questions about acupuncture?
FAQs
Acupuncture Videos
© Zen-Ohs Acupuncture & Wellness 2024