Menu
Connecting Middle East Entrepreneurs
and Angel Investors
Where great businesses and great people meet. We bring together businesses looking for investment and investors with the capital, contacts and knowledge to help them succeed.
I'm looking to...
Fundraise
arrow_drop_down



Get Started
Looking for investment opportunities?
Browse our latest exciting startup pitches and connect with entrepreneurs to discuss further.
Executive
Abbassi KIG
location_on
UAE, UAE
Did you ever want to invest in clothing? Now you can! The brand Abbassi KIG is a luxury fashion clothing that contains love, heart and potential for the new generation of luxury. Let us tell you our limited method of the idea.
We have the business plan ready to make it real.
Our visions are waiting for your help to make it real together.
We have locations for the store, stock in Dubai and stores international.
$4,000,000
Total Required
$450,000
Min per Investor
Find out more
Global Pro
DailyLives - Social Media
location_on
UAE, UAE
Instagram specialized in the photo feature ONLY and became successful even though FB already had that photo feature. TikTok specialized in the video feature ONLY and became successful even though Instagram already had the video feature. Niche is key
New Social Media App Idea
Promotes Social Interactions & Conversation
Possibility of Becoming a New Trend
$350,000
Total Required
$30,000
Min per Investor
Find out more
Pro
Solar investment
location_on
Lebanon, Lebanon
Due to business expansion, we are Looking for investors in the solar industry with a good profitable margin
Solar business
Profitable investment
Working with international organizations
$800,000
Total Required
$50,000
Min per Investor
Find out more
Browse business ideas, startups and larger companies from all over the world.
View latest business pitches
Featured In
Join our growing community of entrepreneurs and investors
We help investors and entrepreneurs build lasting and profitable relationships to build better businesses and brighter futures.
$0 - $50,000
Abu Dhabi, UAE
Chartered Accountant, MBA with over 20 years of experience in the corporate world and five years of experience in investing in start-ups (20+).
Areas of Expertise
Real Estate, Hospitality, Transportation, Retail, Aviation, Ecommerce

More Details
$0 - $100,000
Dubai, UAE
Regional Finance Executive & BOD Member with 16 years of international experience in the FMCG sector. Currently living in Dubai, have worked across Eu ...
Areas of Expertise
Experienced in strategy, long term plans, business case development and execution, innovation.

More Details
$0 - $10,000,000
Dubai, UAE
Venture Capitalist
Areas of Expertise
Sustainability, Tech, Finance, Law

More Details
Our Industries
We connect investors with startups and businesses from all sectors to ensure the relationship is valuable to both parties.
View more industry categories
What our customers say
Over the past 15 years we’ve raised funding for thousands of businesses who have been kind enough to recognise our support:
“We were looking for an Investor to help launch an online trading room. What we got was even 100 times better. We found a team of individuals willing to partner with us and who are well known highly specialised in the internet marketing and management of FX products. We have just launched our product today and it’s looking very promising! I can't thank AIN enough for coming through, and I wouldn't hesitate coming back in the future.”
Nelson Aseka @ Simple Forex
I'm looking to...
Fundraise
arrow_drop_down



Get Started
This website uses cookies to personalize and deliver appropriate content, analyze website traffic and display advertising. By clicking "Accept" you agree to our terms and may continue to use this website. Visit our cookie policy to learn more.
Accept
close
Latest Blogs
Navigating a changed landscape: Investor insights for startup success
Startup essentials: How to structure your cap table
Global Investor Survey: Positive impact driving decisions while over valuations most common startup mistake
How To Avoid The Dark Side Of Success – 5 key take outs
AIN urges UK Government to reverse forthcoming changes to definition of High Net Worth (HNW) individuals for investment eligibility
More Information About
Mudarabah
Investment in Jordan
Investment in Egypt
Investments in Israel
Investment in Kuwait
Investments in Qatar
Investment in UAE
Investment in Saudi Arabia
Musharakah
Navigation
How It Works
Contact Us
About Us
Testimonials
In the Press
Company Info
Partner Programme
Refer a Friend
Blog
Entrepreneur Pages
Add a Pitch
Rates
Entrepreneur FAQs
Investor Pages
Register
Business Proposal
Investor FAQs
Investor App
BrickTribe - Property Investments
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Refunds
© 2024 Angel Investment Network Ltd - Connecting Global & Local Entrepreneurs with Angel Investors