Home
Our Story
Blog
FAQs
Contact
e. info@swaleviewpark.co.uk t. 01748 823106
A Unique Place
Holiday Lodges
Holiday Homes
How To Buy
Park Life
Affordable luxury holiday homes in the heart of Yorkshire's Favourite National Park
Invest in your wellbeing this year!
Spring offer: we are delighted to offer a £5,000 discount on any new holiday home or lodge, with pitch fees included until 31 December 2024 - for purchases completed by 31 May 2024. Please contact the office to book a viewing and find your dream holiday home for a year-round staycation! (applies to models already sited on park only).
Luxury Holiday Homes in Stunning Swaledale
Swaleview Park is a family-owned country retreat, offering luxury holiday homes and lodges for sale in North Yorkshire. We are situated in a stunning riverside location in Swaledale, the jewel in the crown of the Yorkshire Dales National Park. Set amongst acres of natural woodland yet minutes from the Georgian market town of Richmond, Swaleview provides a year round destination for discerning holiday home owners. Swaleview Park is the only place to buy holiday homes and lodges in Swaledale, and with a 12 month* holiday home license, it is a truly exclusive destination. With demand increasing for staycations since 2022, please contact us to discuss your dream holiday home requirements. *Please note that we are a non-residential holiday home park.
  BEAUTIFUL HOLIDAYS HOMES FOR YOUR COUNTRYSIDE STAYCATION
The Clearwater
The Willerby Clearwater 2-bed 2-bath lodge offers affordable luxury, with residential specifications as an option. We love the calming blue shades, the spacious layout, and oak-effect features. Stylish outdoor decking provides the ideal space for relaxing outdoors amongst magnificent countryside views!
FIND OUT MORE
Victory Riverwood
The Riverwood lodge is a stunning 2-bed, 2-bathroom 40×13 foot lodge with incredible design. The beautiful blends of green combine country style with modern-chic. The Riverwood has a boutique staycation feel.
FIND OUT MORE
There has never been a better time to buy a holiday home at Swaleview Park, the only holiday park in Swaledale with a 12 month holiday home license.
Motivational May!
This month we feature Keld Resource Centre, Harlow Carr gardens, the Swaledale festival, nature photography and a Spring Offer! May is a beautiful month to enjoy the Yorkshire Dales! https://mailchi.mp/swaleviewpark/motivationalmay
READ MORE
April Awakening: Swaleview newsletter 2024
This month we are delighted to offer £5000 off any new lodge or holiday home, with pitch fees included until 31 December 2024 – for purchases completed by 31 May 2024. Read about the latest events in Swaledale, Richmond and
READ MORE
Book a viewing today

Callback request
A unique beautiful location
Book a viewing today
What's on at Swaleview?
Visit News & Events
Holiday Lodges
A holiday lodge offers the next level in holiday home luxury with features including hot tubs, log burners and panoramic views along the River Swale. Take your holiday home to another level with a luxury lodge in a unique riverside location.
  VIEW LODGES
Holiday Homes
Modern and stylish, and fully furnished, our holiday homes are stunning on both the inside and outside. Each is sited on its own plot and comes with a peace of mind warranty and year round maintenance programme.
VIEW HOMES
What our members say about us…
I first visited Swaleview in the summer time,and from that day we could not stay away, and spent many glorious holidays there with our daughter. I will never tire of the breathtaking scenery that surrounds Swaleview, it’s such a relaxing place, our family love every second of their time there. Mr. and Mrs. Carter, their family and staff are all so friendly, helpful and professional there is nowhere else I’d rather be.
Mrs. Darnell, Newcastle-upon-Tyne
MEMBERS VIEWS
Quick Enquiry Form
To receive additional information, make an appointment or ask questions, please use the form below.
Quick Enquiry
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Phone
Message*
Newsletter Sign Up
Keep up to date with Swaleview Park news, events and offers by subscribing to our newsletter. Please enter your email address in the box below.
Navigation
Home
Location
Holiday Homes
Holiday Lodges
Buying Made Easy
Information
Our Story
Blog
Contact
Privacy and Data Protection
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
FAQs
Be social
/SwaleviewPark
@SwaleviewPark
/SwaleviewPark
Swaleview Park
Reeth Road, Richmond,
North Yorkshire, DL10 4SF

t. +44 (0) 1748 823 106
e. info@swaleviewpark.co.uk
© Swaleview Park 2023. | All images © 2014 Philip Lee and © 2022 Carter.
Website Development by Thrive