Follow us on instagram Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
01372 843453
enquiries@pacheshamgolf.co.uk
Show / Hide menu


Surrey's Best Practice
& play Golf Facility
Super Six' Hole Golf Course 2041 yards




DRIVING RANGE & COURSE
BOOK NOW
GOLF COURSE
FIND OUT MORE
DRIVING RANGE
FIND OUT MORE
GOLF ACADEMY
FIND OUT MORE
THE SHOP
FIND OUT MORE
Public Golf Club & Centre In Surrey
Surrey's first SUPER SIX Hole Golf Course and   
Surrey's Longest Driving Range with Top Tracer Technology!  
Welcome to Pachesham Golf Centre; Surrey's Best Practice and Play Golf facility.
Pachesham Golf Centre has it all, a public Pay and Play Golf Club with Surrey's first Super Six Hole Golf Course aiming to offer golf in a smaller time frame. Potentially six holes in sixty minutes, a full 2041 yard format that can fit into a busy schedule and is ideal after work, for mid week practice or simply family golf. 6 or 12 holes is not half the game, its all the game in half the time! During the winter months and periods of wet weather however, please check for COURSE CLOSURES/RESTRICTIONS T01372 843453.
Complimented by Surrey's Longest  Floodlit Driving Range at 350 yards with Top Tracer technology, automated tees, a Short Game Practice Area, a Pitching Area and two practice putting greens, so you can work on all aspects of your game. Set in the heart of Surrey in Leatherhead, Pachesham is easily accessible within minutes of the M25 and A3 and is ideal for all the family.  ALL GREEN FEES and RANGE SESSIONS can be pre-booked on our online booking system. For more help and information on migrating the booking system go to our online booking help  page.  
  SAVE MONEY
BUY DRIVING RANGE PACKAGES
FIND OUT MORE
NEW TO GOLF?
Whether you are new to golf or an experienced player we have everything from hire clubs for beginners and impromptu family visitors to high technology sessions within our Studios.
We take your leisure time seriously and aim for you to enjoy your golf at Surrey's favourite golf course and practice facilities. Practice, Play and Enjoy your Golf at Pachesham! We look forward to welcoming all the family to our Golf Course.
OUR GOLF CENTRE FACILITIES
We are an informal and relaxed environment, with no dress code. Welcoming the whole family, the Centre is open to golfers and members of the public alike. 
We have a fantastic Shop, a Custom Fitting Service and in-house Workshop for general club repairs and regripping.
Designed by Mark Roe we have an indoor SAM Putting Studio so you can work on your putting whatever the weather. As well as an independant Golf Lesson Academy with a team of dedicated and experienced PGA Professional Golf Instructors fully committed to your golf development. 
GOLF AT PACHESHAM
TESTIMONIALS
"Pachesham Park has everything I require for coaching at the highest level, great facilities, great location, excellent food and warm hospitality, I look forward to seeing you there"
Mark Roe
"Putting was fabulous on Sunday particularly, played really well, 2 under on Sunday. Thanks for helping me out - it certainly made the difference. Had to hole from 5 feet to get into a playoff - and I actually felt confident over it - great feeling! Thanks again - I'll be back!!"
D Barnett
"Pachesham is a wonderful Golf Centre and particularly good for aspiring golfers looking to improve their game. You can practice all the shots, woods, irons and putting in all weather conditions!"
GM Rochussen
SEE ALL TESTIMONIALS
LATEST NEWS
For all our latest news please sign up and follow us on our social media feeds. 
READ MORE
GET INTO GOLF
Want to start, want to return, want to try or are simply hooked! Golf experience parties, Corporate Golf. Get into Golf at Pachesham.
READ MORE
HOW TO FIND OUR GOLF COURSE
Our 6 Hole Golf Club and Golf Centre is located in Leatherhead at Junction 9 of M25. We are open to the Public 7 days a week. To view our location on Google Maps click here.
CONNECT WITH US
If you'd like to learn more about us; receive golf news, regular updates, offers and interesting tips please follow us on Facebook or Twitter or visit our YouTube channel.
MEMBERSHIP  
See our new credit based Membership Package, simply play and practice.
READ MORE
ABOUT US
Our golf course was designed and built by its proprietor Phil Taylor an FPGA Professional since 1980 who developed the Golf Centre to provide the best pay and play facilities in Surrey and give access for all standards of golfer from a new beginner through to an established player. His philosophy has always been to provide a complete facility for golfers of all ages and standards to enjoy within a friendly and Professional environment.
Aiming to make golf available to all and having had young family himself Phil understands the demands of modern family life and has always strived to offer value for money 'no strings attached golf' that can be done in one to two hours. Working on the 'two hour window' Phil developed a 6 hole Golf Course format that can fit into a busy family schedule, opening up the possibility to play and practice more often in smaller time frames. A place to enjoy with or without the family! For information on Opening Times click here.
Pachesham Golf Centre Ltd
Oaklawn Road
Leatherhead
Surrey
KT22 0BP
Telephone: 01372 843453
Email: enquiries@pacheshamgolf.co.uk

Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
© 2015 Copyright Pachesham Golf Centre Ltd
Back to top
Website Design by SiteWizard