Find a branch
enquiries@candchealthcare.co.uk
Kent SCP
Home care services across South East England. Part of the City & County family
LATEST JOBS
Elderly Care
Growing older need not mean a person lose their independence. Caring for many elderly clients over the years, we, at Kent SCP, aim to enable our elderly customers to remain in the homes they’ve known and loved all their lives while still feeling a sense of self-reliance. Our care assistants help promote and facilitate outdoor & social activities, too, to maintain a client’s overall quality of life.
More on elderly care
Reablement & rehabilitation
Any one of us could suffer a set-back in life because of accident, injury, illness or even prolonged stay in hospital that threatens our independence. Our highly-trained reablement teams support clients of all ages and needs to regain their skills and confidence at home, reducing or removing all together the need for ongoing care.
More on reablement
Join the team
Care work can be a deeply rewarding experience. While certainly hard and challenging at times, being a care assistant can bring with it a considerable amount of personal satisfaction when you’re providing help to some of Kent’s most vulnerable people. As a care assistant, you’ll have the ability to make a meaningful contribution to a client’s overall well-being and see the direct results of your help. Some may be lonely, isolated, in pain or distressed but you’ll be the one providing peace-of-mind, not only to them but their families and friends, too. As a care assistant, you can be bring hope, inspiration or even just company to someone who most certainly needs it the most. Find our more about care assistant jobs at Kent SCP.
Follow Kent SCP on Facebook
USEFUL LINKS
Gender Pay Gap
Accessibility
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
Visit City & County Healthcare Group
SOCIAL MEDIA
COMPANY DETAILS
City and County Healthcare Group Ltd
Registered Office: Cardinal House, Abbeyfield Court, Abbeyfield Road, Nottingham, NG7 2SZ
Registered in England and Wales
Registration no. 06991398
© Copyright - City and County Healthcare
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OKLearn more