Home
About
Programs & Events
Retreat with Us
Leaseholders
Service Opportunities
Donate
Contact
Come away to a quiet place and get some rest.
Whitehall Camp and Conference Center is a Christ-centered, year-round campground located on 150 acres nestled in the rolling hills of Western Pennsylvania. We are directly affiliated with the Church of God (Anderson, IN) and operate as the main gathering place for nearly 62 Church of God Congregations spread throughout Pennsylvania. While the campground is directly connected to the Church of God, our programming is open and available for anyone to attend (regardless of denominational affiliation)! We offer year-round programs for kids, teens, adults and families as well as facility rentals where groups can come run their own retreat. We offer a unique setting strategically placed in the midst of God’s creation that provides an ideal setting for teaching, evangelism, fellowship, and recreation. We have been serving God’s people through camping ministry for 129 years, thanks first to our great God’s abundant blessings and second to the many who have given of their time, talents, and monies to the ministry tool of Whitehall Camp. 
Retreat Groups
We offer a variety of facilities for rental on the weekends or even throughout the week so that your group can get away, unplug and be refreshed on our campus. Choose from a few different meetings areas, motel style or dorm style lodging, and the option of meal service provided for groups of 20+.  It is our sincere desire that you will find refreshment and rest in the Lord during your stay here! Visit our Guest Services page for more information.
Retreat with Us
Events & Programs
We offer a variety of different programs throughout the year here at Whitehall! In the winter is our annual Winter Blasts for Jr/Sr High and Elementary students. We host a Ladies’ Retreat, Summer Camps, Day Camp, and a men’s retreat in the Fall. For most of these events we need volunteer counselors, and for others, simply volunteers to help make the event come together. If you are interested in attending or helping out we’d love to talk with you more about it.
View Events
Service Opportunities
 We have a few different ways you an serve with us! We are currently looking for volunteer counselors for our weekend winter camp, Winter Blast. We also have opportunities to serve in the summer. You can volunteer to counsel during one of our summer camps or apply to be on our Summer Missions Team!
For more information and how to apply follow link below!
Service Opportunities
What People Are Saying
“My favorite part of Whitehall is probably just everything! The beauty of the place, the memories that I have here, and also every time I come I hear something more about my Lord that I love so much!”
— Marlene
“Whitehall Camp is holy grounds and I can feel it as soon as I step foot on the property. I am so blessed by the fellowship with Christian people, the camp fires, the worship services, the speakers, the conferences, and my quiet time with God while here.” 
— Brenda
“I love, love going there, seeing all my wonderful friends and to be spiritually fed, in a beautiful setting.” 
—  Louella 
About Us
Contact Us
Mission
Newsletter
Our Staff
Donate
Programs and Events
Revive Ladies Retreat
Frontline Mens Retreat
Winter Blast
Summer Youth Camps
Day Camp
WPA Camp Meeting
Labor Day Weekend
Retreat With Us
Retreat Lodging
Retreat Meeting Areas
Service Opportunities
Counselor
Summer Staff
Whitehall Camp & Conference Center
580 Whitehall Rd 8040
Emlenton, PA 16373