Have you tried Littlemax?
Littlemax shavings offer you a finer, lighter alternative to Bedmax, with all the same benefits to your horses’ health and added advantages in speed and ease of stable management.
READ MORE
FIND OUT WHAT MAKES BEDMAX SPECIAL
Bedmax has become the first equine bedding company to achieve NOPS accreditation, under a new scheme launched by the British Equestrian Trade Association (BETA).
READ MORE
Enrol on our new eLearning course, developed by Bedmax with support from specialists across the industry, and providing an in-depth look at bedding for the stabled horse.
READ MORE
Bedmax Bedding Products
Our horse bedding products are purpose made to provide an ideal bedding for horses and ponies. They are made at three dedicated production plants in the UK, from fresh British timber sourced from renewable UK forestry.
Bedmax offers horse owners a range of natural bedding products that includes the original Bedmax large flake low dust horse bedding, Littlemax small flake horse bedding and Strawmax straw pellet bedding.
In addition, Stockmax provides pine flake bedding for livestock and Hotmax is the sustainable wood logs we make as part of the process of producing our horse bedding products. We also now produce Catmax, a straw pellet cat litter.
BEDMAX
Large flake dust extracted pine shavings
READ MORE
LITTLEMAX
All the benefits of Bedmax, but in a lighter form
READ MORE
STOCKMAX
The ideal bedding for many other animals, large and small
READ MORE
STRAWMAX
A healthy, ultra-absorbent and economical equine bedding option
READ MORE
CATMAX
A hygienic litter with unbeatable practical and environmental benefits
READ MORE
HOTMAX
The sustainable alternative to kiln dried logs for winter and summer.
LEARN MORE
The Bedmax Blog…
Equine Health Advice & Resources
Promoting preventative horse health care
Sign up to our Email Newsletter
Keep up to date with Bedmax by subscribing to our email newsletter. Every month we publish new articles covering equine health topics that we're regularly asked about by our customers.
Our goal is to help you make the most of your Bedmax bedding, and keep your horse as healthy as possible within the stable environment.
I'm interested in...
Bedmax Large Flake Shavings
Strawmax Straw Pellets
Littlemax Small Flake Shavings
Stockmax Livestock Bedding
Hotmax Heat Logs
SUBSCRIBE
Our Latest Articles
SPRING CLEAN YOUR STABLE
Spring is in the air - the nights are lighter and hopefully some warmer weather is on the way. Now is the perfect time to turn your attention to...
FUNGAL SPORES CAUSES STRAW BEDDING CONTAMINATION
Expert Warns of Fungal Spike in Wet Weather Straw. In an article published in the latest issue of the racing industry’s leading magazine, European...
PREVENTING HOOF DISEASES: THRUSH IN HORSES
Preventing thrush in horses is down to your stable management and your bedding selection We’re heading towards spring, thankfully, but even in...
The Bedmax Values
HORSE WELFARE
Our main priority since the beginning. The very core of everything we do and the reason we began producing  Bedmax.
EDUCATION
We strive to help owners help their horses through research, product trialling and knowledge sharing to raise the profile of equine welfare in the stable.
THE ENVIRONMENT
As a company, we are continually striving to minimise our impact on the environment, and to recycle as much of our waste as we can.
SUSTAINABILITY
We source our pine timber entirely from sustainable UK forestry. For every tree that is cut down, a new one is planted.
SUPPORTING RETAILERS
We only supply our products through our network of loyal supplier customers.
INNOVATION
We pride ourselves on being innovative industry leaders at the forefront of what we do.
COMMUNITY
Community spirit is at the heart of everything we do; both our local community and the equine community.
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
Through continual research we ceaselessly strive to improve and perfect our bespoke bedding products.
Contact Us
SUBMIT
Podcasts on Spotify
Videos on YouTube
Bedding Education
Company Timeline
UK Retailers
International Suppliers
Email News Signup
Bedmax Careers
Environmental Policy
Bedmax Prices
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
DETCHANT, BELFORD, NORTHUMBERLAND, ENGLAND, NE70 7PF.
+44 1668 213467
info@bedmax.co.uk
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All