Welcome to Classic Gardens & Landscape, Inc.

CONTACT USGET AN ESTIMATE
We provide AWARD WINNING Landscaping and Lawn Care

With expertise, professionalism, and honesty we provide award winning lawn care and landscaping services to the greater Birmingham area. Family owned and operated, every job we do is done to the highest quality. Contact us today and let us help you achieve your dream landscape!


Check out our fully stocked Garden Center on 1855 Carson Road Birmingham, AL 35215
About Us

Classic Gardens provides award winning landscaping and lawn care services to the greater Birmingham area.


More about us
What We Can Do
Other Services
Shrub Fertilization/Insect Control
We provide timely management of important fertilizers and insecticides to keep your shrubs healthy, strong, and beautiful.

Lawn Insect and Disease Control
We can offer targeted treatments to treat or prevent insect/disease damage to lawns.

Land Clearing
We provide all types of land clearing services to accommodate individual or commercial land clearing and brush grinding needs.

Drainage
Whether you need drainage implemented into your landscape design or improvements with your existing system, this is important for the well-being of your yard and even your home!
Night Lighting
Our expertise in detail and artistic background gives your landscape a polished look. We help you balance lighting applications to give your landscape a professional finish.
Family Owned and Operated

Mike and Ann Pender started Classic Gardens & Landscape, Inc in 1991. With hard work and a history of high customer satisfaction, Classic Gardens has blossomed into an award winning business. Specializing in three distinct areas of green management: lawn care, landscaping, and a full retail Garden Center, Classic Gardens can help you achieve your perfect landscape.

More Info
Get in touch now

You can reach us by telephone during normal business hours. If you need to send us something in the mail the address below is for your convenience or if you prefer to correspond by email then simply click the Contact Us button.


Contact Us
Radio Show
Live 8AM to 9AM Saturday mornings on:WERC 105.5 FM, Birmingham Listen Live  Call in at 1-888-910-5105
More information on Radio Show
Our Location
1855 Carson Road
Birmingham, AL 35215
(205) 854-8001
email@classicgardens.com
Store Hours
Mon-Fri: 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Sat: Closed
Sun: Closed
© Copyright 2021 - Classic Gardens & Landscape Inc.