Home
Find an ALHS
About the Council
Resources
Leaders in Luxury Real Estate
The ALHS Designation is luxury real estate's national standard for professional achievement.
Learn More
Become an Instructor
The Luxury Home Council has immediate positions open for real estate development schools and independent instructors who wish to teach the Accredited Luxury Home Specialist (ALHS) Course.
Learn More »
What is an ALHS?
Accredited Luxury Home Specialist (ALHS) agents are members of an elite group of exceptional real estate professionals dedicated to their industry. Education, Experience and Ethics signify an ALHS Designee.
Learn More »
ALHS Referral Program
Become a banner affiliate and receive a referral fee when students enroll in the ALHS Online Course. We provide beautiful marketing banners and a unique URL to track your students. Join today!
Learn More »
Leaders in the Luxury Home Market
The Accredited Luxury Home Specialist (ALHS) Designation is testimony to the agent's commitment to knowledge of the up-scale marketplace and today's affluent clients. The Designation also signifies the agent has a proven track record in the field of luxury properties as demonstrated by verified closed escrows. To display the prestigious Accredited Luxury Home Specialist (ALHS) Designation, the real estate agent must also meet strict sales standards, be a current member of the Luxury Home Council, hold an active real estate license and be in good standing with their real estate regulatory agency.

Education, Experience and Ethics signify an ALHS Agent.
Learn More »
Find Local Luxury Home Specialists
Not all real estate licensees are the same. In fact, 80% of the real estate sales are closed by 20% of the agents. Of those 20%, only a handful are trained and have the experience in luxury housing that you deserve. So how do you locate an agent that has the education and experience you require? The Luxury Home Council’s ALHS Database is your first and only step to locating an agent that has the training and proven track record to meet your needs. And unlike other agent sites, when you search the ALHS Database, you may remain anonymous until you decide to contact an ALHS Agent of your choosing.

Start Your Search Today.
Search »
ALHS Referral Program
Do you know real estate agents? Do they visit your webpage and social marketing sites? If so, you could be earning a generous referral fee from the Luxury Home Council. You will earn income monthly for every person you send who takes our online ALHS Course.
We provide a wide assortment of professionally designed banners and you can view the number of students you’ve sent using a unique login code. Some ALHS Affiliates are earning hundreds of dollars every month. We’ve made it free and easy to join.
Become an Affiliate Today.
© 2024 Luxury Home Council, Inc.