Cookie policy
We use some essential cookies to make this website work.
We’d also like to set additional cookies to give you the best online experience.
Your setting will be remembered for 90 days, however, you can change your preference at any point using the link in the website footer.
Manage Additional Cookies Accept All Cookies
Toggle navigation
Rapid Impact Compaction
Custom configurations for maximum speed. Includes data logging and position monitoring.
Read More >
1
2
3
4
5
6
Piling & RIC
A complete range of hydraulic piling hammers, piling rigs, power packs, and Rapid impact Compactors (RIC).
Read More >
Road Machinery
A range of well-known BSP-TEX brands, including Barters, Belspray, Bitmen, Bristowes, Springwood, Trojan, and Wallis.
Read More >
RM Trailers
We design and custom-build trailer solutions. Commercial, industrial, military, one-off and batch production.
Read More >
Enclosures
We manufacture stainless steel enclosures for governors, meters, modems and data loggers.
Read More >
  Made in the UK
Celebrating more than 117 years of manufacturing. BSP-TEX design and manufacture hydraulic piling hammers, Rapid Impact Compactors (RICS) and road maintenance machinery. BSP-TEX subcontracted manufacturing services include design, fabrication, electro-mechanical assemblies, and utilities enclosures. 
  Rapid Impact Compactors (RIC)
RIC is a technique allied to Dynamic Compaction that can be used to increase the bearing capacity of soils through controlled impact. Includes data logging and position monitoring. 
  Piling Hammers, Rigs and Rapid Impact Compactors (RIC)
Pioneers in the field, BSP-TEX have designed and manufactured piling and ground improvement equipment for more than 117 years. Choose from an ever-growing range of high-performance piling hammers and accessories. 
    Road Maintenance Machinery
Choose from well-known brands such as Belspray, Bitmen, Bristowes, Springwood, Trojan, and Wallis. Product ranges include asphalt mixers, emulsion sprayers, pre-coated chip spreaders, road marking equipment, and infrared heaters. 
    Meet the Team
We’ve built a reputation of excellence by providing expert advice, designing and manufacturing exceptionally high quality machines, engineering custom-built solutions, and delivering reliable through-life support.
  Previous
5 December 2023
EXCON 2023
Looking forward to South Asia’s largest construction equipment event!
Read News Story >
9 August 2023
Join us at GEOFLUID, Piacenza, Italy
Europe's premier Drilling & Foundations event!
Read News Story >
Next
Part of the TEX GROUP


 
 
 
 
 
      Contact
  BSP-TEX
Claydon Business Park
Gipping Road
Great Blakenham
Ipswich
Suffolk
IP6 0NL
  +44 (0)1473 830431
  sales-bsp@tex.co.uk







  RM Trailers
  Enclosures
    Information
Download Piling Catalogue
Download Road Machinery Catalogue
Download Road Plant Hire Catalogue
Download Enclosures Catalogue
TEX GROUP Centenary Brochure
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Site Map


 
Follow Us
© 2024 BSP TEX - All rights reserved.  |  Sitemap  |  Website Design Quiet Storm Solutions Ltd | Manage Cookie Settings