Questions? Give Us a Call
☎ (408) 858-7505
HOME
OUR RENTALS
ABOUT US
SERVICE INFO
CONTACT US
Welcome to Santa Clara
J
U
M
P
E
R
S
The Jump House Kingdom
Book Online
Standard Jump House
Standard Jump House
Bounce house is the perfect way to combine fun and healthy activity, and will add high value to any Party Rentals. We offer jump house inflatables for kids birthday parties.
We have a huge variety of theme jump house available for rent. Questions? Call today. 📲 (408) 858-7505
Obstacles and Combo Slides
Obstacles, Combos
Bounce combo Slides are popular jump house along with additional features like climbing slides, popup obstacles and basketball hoops. Questions? Call today. 📲 (408) 858-7505
Party Rentals
Party Rentals
We know how important are tents, tables and chair when we are planning a event, so we offer premium plastic folding chairs rentals, tables, party tents, cotton candy machines and more Questions? Call today. 📲 (408) 858-7505
Welcome to the wonderful world of Santa Clara Jumpers Party Rentals. We work hard to reach your goals.We are a Family-owned business based in Santa Clara, California. We proudly offer our service since 2010 to Santa Clara, Sunnyvale, San Jose and all surrounding cities; we delivery nice, clean and well-maintained equipment to kids birthday parties. We all love what we do and always look forward to seeing you. Santa Clara Jumpers offers a large variety of Theme Jump house, bouncers, Standard Bounce House, jumpers, Combo Slides, water slides, obstacle courses, slides, cotton candy machines, pop-corn machines, tables, kids chairs, canopies, party tents and more! We continually look to add new and innovative inflatable units to our rentals.You will definitely have a great experience of using Santa Clara Jumpers on your next corporate event, backyard birthday parties, backyard carnivals, after school programs, graduations parties, church events, daycare birthday parties, industrial companies picnics, school field days, church carnivals, kids daycare’s, opening days, or any others event that you are planning.
Day after day here at Santa Clara jumpers; we work hard to bring to your little ones a big smile and great time on their special day.
We really appreciate every single review that we get from our customers so we can continue improving and finding the best way to serve you. We thank a lot to our customer Shereen Farooq for making this special Video Review for Our Company.
Thank you everyone for leaving us your review we really appreciate it!
Happy with our service?
Kindly review our service and let others know how happy you are with our service, please click the image bellow to leave a review. We really apriceate to hear from our customers!
Some Of Santa Clara Jumpers Customers
Get In Touch With Us
(408) 858-7505
Send Us A Email
Contact Us
Name *
First
Last
E-mail *
Phone Number *
Zip Code *
Message or questions! *
SUBMIT
Why Choose Santa Clara Jumpers?
100% Satisfaction Guarantee.
Quality Guarantee
Ontime Deliveries!
Easy Online Booking System
Lead Free Inflatables
The best customers Service!
Santa Clara Jumpers Party Rentals
The Jump House Kingdom.
Hours: Mo-Fr 9:00 am-7:00 pm Sa 7:30 am-8:00 pm Su 9:00 am-5:00 pm
Website: www.santaclarajumpers.com
Telephone: (408) 858-7505
Address: 2116 Walsh Ave Ste A, Santa Clara, Ca 95050
Questions? Give Us a Call
☎ (408) 858-7505
Our Social Media
Our Reviews
ABOUT USTERMS OF SERVICEFAQS
Copyright © 2010-2024 Santa Clara Jumpers All Rights Reserved
Designed By: A-Pro Website