Skip to content
WELCOME TO HISTORIC ELIZABETH MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH
Welcome to Elizabeth Missionary Baptist Church! Under the leadership of Bishop Osco E. Gardin Jr. Time is changing and a new season is arising for the EMBC family. Be a part of the next chapter in our journey of spiritual growth and financial peace. We are living in the over flow, connect with us!
Donate Now
Discover More
WORSHIP TIMES
Sunday School at 8:45am & Sunday Worship Service at 10am

Bible Study held via Conference Call Technology - Wednesdays @7pm - See Calendar
Donate
Generosity is an act of worship that expresses our gratitude, faith, and love for others, daily.
Sermons
We preach The Gospel of Jesus Christ here at HEMBC and we invite you & your family to come hear a WORD from the Lord, every Sunday... "Connect With Us!"
Our Team
Our Team is made up of ordinary people, of every hue, like those of more than 2000 years ago in the first diaspora. Our Members come together to help all of humankind, we teach No Discrimination...
We teach The Bible!
Calendar & Events
Stay Informed,
Stay Connected,
Stay in His Service...
You and your family are Welcome every day that our doors are open! We prepare on the inside to help serve on the outside! That's Our Job!
We're serious about it too!
We are about "Ministry!" ...Serving Others & Community...
Did you know that we all have to check under our hoods every now and then, Why?  Because the problem could be under your hood!  We Can Help!
You have to start early....
None of us knows who will be the next person who will touch our lives in ways that showed early preparation and an investment of time in these 66 Books! Did you know that it is our job to replace ourselves by keeping The Faith and Sharing with others who will come and occupy these same seats!
We keep the lights burning so that some lost soul...
Can find their way! We believe strongly in that…
The writer here is so grateful for a Pastor, and a Ministry that is secure in who they are that they give everyone a chance to serve and grow!
No Man is an Island...
No Man stands alone here!
Historic Elizabeth Missionary Baptist Church is different, there is a Sweet, Sweet, Spirit that Connects us all.
Yes, from time to time there are challenges, obstacles, criticisms, and seemingly impossible odds… but you know what, “God has never failed us yet!
Praise The Lord God!”
The HEMBC'S Rotating Billboard of Church Calendar EVENTS & Members
OUR HISTORY
THE HISTORY OF ELIZABETH MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH
1883 ~ 2024
The Historic Elizabeth Missionary Baptist Church has given spiritual guidance and inspiration to the city of Monroe and surrounding areas for 137 years. The recorded history of the church was compiled from a limited amount of records and resources, yet its history has served to enlighten all generations.
Reverend Joseph Ratcliff, in the year 1883, with a small group of Baptist believers, saw the need for a Black Baptist Church in Monroe, North Carolina. The charter membership consisted of eighteen members, whose identities are not available. These members named the church Timmonsville Baptist Church, but it was recorded in the Union County Courthouse as the Colored Baptist Church. The wooden structure, which was erected on a plot of land two hundred feet south of our present structure, was purchased from Elizabeth Monroe for whom the church was named for one thousand, three hundred dollars ($1,300.00). This purchase was orchestrated by Mr. J. C. McVan, Administrator for the estate of C.N. Simpson. The following members, Reverend W. T. Gatewood, Deacon W.M. Nivens, Deacon J.Q. Robinson, Deacon Tom Robinson, Deacon W.C. Jones, Deacon Rueben Perry and others witnessed the purchase of additional land on which our present structure was erected.
The pastors who have served the church are as follows: Reverend Sims, Reverend J.B. Ivey, Reverend Hicks, Reverend Hawkins, Reverend M.A. Murray, Reverend Staton, Reverend McLester, Reverend W.H. Inman, Reverend C.C. Johnson, Reverend Hawkins, Dr. J.H. Ferguson, Reverend David L. Massey, and Reverend Brenda Hopkins served as Interim Pastor; currently Reverend Osco E. Gardin, Jr. serves as Senior Pastor.
Under the leadership of Reverend M. A. Murray the mortgage was paid off on the wooden structure. Reverend W. H. Inman rebuilt our present structure in 1928. This was accomplished by the financial assistance of the membership and dedicated friends.
Read More
Donate Now
Church Leadership
THE HISTORIC ELIZABETH MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH
Dr. Brenda L. Hopkins
Most Senior Associate 
Ministerial Staff
Douglas Curry
Chairman of Deacons
Tony Byrum
Chairman of Trustees
Chashawah Helms
Finance Director
Alyssa Curry
Chairman of Deaconesses
Patricia Hunter
Church Admin / Assistant
Mamie Garvin
Chief Ministry  
Special Assistant
Deacon Leroy Ratliff
Sunday School Superintendent
Called, Trained, and Educated Ministers partnering with Our Pastor to Serve the Community, Creators, Producers, Mentors, Coaches, and Skilled Human Capital... with Resources...
"Doing Church Work and The Work of The Church"
Members
0
Connections
0
Outreach
0
Missions
0
Menu
Home
About Us
Our Team
Church Calendar & Events
Sermons
Church News
Salvation
Donate
Connect With Us
Members Login
Venue Rental
Speaker Request
Partnerships
Weddings
Funerals
Baptisms
Leadership Training
Contact Info
Address:
503 Maurice Street Monroe, NC 28112
Phone:
+1 704-283-6342
Email:
embcmonroe@gmail.com
Historic Elizabeth Missionary Baptist Church
Welcome to Elizabeth Missionary Baptist Church! Under the leadership of Bishop Osco E. Gardin Jr.
Time is changing and a new season is arising for the EMBC family. Be a part of the next chapter in our journey of spiritual growth and financial peace. We are living in the over flow, Come Connect With Us!
World Media
Copyright © 2024 - Historic Elizabeth Missionary Baptist Church
Need Help? Let us know!