Pay Rent
PAY RENT ONLINE
Did you know that you can now pay your rent online? It’s fast, easy, and secure, so why wait?
Learn More
AVAILABLE PROPERTIES
View our available rental properties and submit an application quickly and easily.
Learn More
HOMETOWN LIVING AT ITS BEST
Trinity Management is a comprehensive real estate and property management company. Our services include leasing, single-family and multi-family rental properties. We work with investors from acquisitions, to management, to exit to realize maximum returns. 
Trinity Management Services manages a portfolio of rental properties in Weatherford, Granbury, Aledo, Hudson Oaks, Brock, Springtown, Mineral Wells, and Godley. We use a combination of the latest technology and superior personal service to streamline the rental process. We are also pleased to provide professional real estate brokerage services for those considering investing, buying or selling in the area.

The rental process doesn’t have to be complicated, confusing or time-consuming. Please contact Trinity Management Services today for more information.
Prospective Tenants
We offer a wide range of single-family homes, duplexes, and apartments for rent in the region just 40 minutes west of Fort Worth. Please contact us to schedule a showing to view the property. We make it easy for you to submit your application, pay your deposits & rent, e-sign documents and submit maintenance requests. 

As a prospective tenant, you want to know what kind of service you can expect when you lease from Trinity. We pride ourselves on our resident service and consistently strive to exemplify Hometown Living at Its Best. We want to earn your loyalty.
Investment Property Owners
Our focus is protecting your investment while maximizing your return. We can handle every step of the property management process from acquisitions, marketing, leasing, rent collections, financial reporting, maintenance and the move out process.
We have an office conveniently located in the heart of downtown Weatherford. We offer a 24/7 emergency phone line system for our tenants to call in after hour maintenance emergencies. Reporting on your properties is available 24/7 online in your secure portal. 

Trinity Management Services
300 S Main St, Weatherford, TX 76086, United States
(817) 599-3131
Associations & Affiliations
Texas law requires all license holders to provide Information About Brokerage Services form to prospective clients (PDF Download).

Consumer Protection Notice.
Sitemap
© 2022 All Rights Reserved.
Trinity Management Services