Skip to content
Menu
They Decline.
WE APPROVE.
What is a high risk merchant account?
A high risk merchant account is a payment processing account for merchants that are classified in a high risk category. Businesses operating in these industries require custom solutions in order to obtain online credit card processing.
How do you know if your business has been categorized as a high risk merchant?
Get Your High Risk Merchant Account Pre-approved
CBD
We are the top ranking CBD payment processor for new and established businesses. Helping you get fast approvals for a sustainable CBD merchant account.
CBD MERCHANT ACCOUNT
ADULT
We offer a range of adult merchant account solutions for many types of high risk businesses. From adult toys to membership sites, we are your go-to adult credit card processor.
ADULT MERCHANT ACCOUNT
VAPE
If you’re looking for a vape merchant account, look no further. We are experts at getting fast approvals for vape payment processing accounts at competitive rates.
VAPE MERCHANT ACCOUNT
PAWN SHOPS
Taking your sales from storefront to online requires a pawn shop merchant account. We have easily integrated payment gateways to upgrade your business fast.
PAWN MERCHANT ACCOUNT
CREDIT REPAIR
Credit repair merchant accounts are essential for companies in the credit repair space. You provide credit solutions to your customers and we’ll take care of the payment processing.
CREDIT MERCHANT ACCOUNT
ECOMMERCE
Selling any type of merchandise through an ecommerce store has its risks. If you have high chargebacks or a subscription billing model, we have the merchant account you need.
ECOMMERCE MERCHANT ACCOUNT
MORE HIGH RISK INDUSTRIES
HIGH RISK MERCHANT ACCOUNT
A high risk merchant account is a type of payment processing account for unique businesses. High risk merchants who choose to process with instant approval companies may have their account shut down which can lead to lost revenue. Understand more about being in high risk verticals by researching payment review websites with key information.
To get a high risk merchant account you need to look for a payment processing company that works with your industry. PayKings understands your businesses unique needs and will work with you each step of the way.
Beyond underwriting and approval, your payment processor should help keep your high risk business operating smoothly. Our partners can help you with fraud prevention, chargeback protection and gateway integration.
DO I NEED A HIGH RISK MERCHANT ACCOUNT?
You need a high risk merchant account if other payment processors conisder your company high risk. Many payment processors make the distinction in their Terms and Conditions. Some of the reasons include the folllowing:
High Chargeback Rates - If your company has too many chargebacks or reaches a certain threshold, you may be high risk.
Chances of Fraud - Certain companies or industries have increased fraud levels. Know your industry and secure your business from different kinds of online scams and theft.
Recurring Payments - Do you offer consistent monthly payments or bill automatically after a trial offer? There are merchant accounts specifically for these types of billing systems.
GATEWAYS AND CONNECTING YOUR SOFTWARE
Our high risk payment gateway and direct network of 20+ banks and PSP's provides the connections you need to run your ecommerce store. It works with most POS systems so you can keep your existing terminal.
The payment gateway shares information from your merchant account and the customer's bank account. It's an online interface that connects the two parties at checkout. Be sure to understand all of the regulations involved with your gateway and find out how to make the ecommerce process as streamlined as possible.
HIGH RISK ACCOUNTS
HIGH RISK PAYMENT GATEWAY
PayKings offers payment solutions to businesses in high risk industries, which means that as payment processing providers, our banks are willing to accept the liability for the increased risk associated with those businesses that are categorized as needing a high risk merchant account. Our high risk payment gateway makes high risk credit card processing safer and more secure with integrated fraud solutions to prevent chargebacks.
HIGH RISK CREDIT CARD PROCESSING
How do you know if your business has been categorized as needing high risk credit card processing? Well, the primary reason is other merchant accounts aren’t willing to take on the risk associated with your business. The acquiring bank or its representatives can close your account and hold funds, without notice, based on negative risk factors involved with your product or brand. Moreover, if you experience high levels of chargebacks or if your payment processor has dropped your account, you may need a high risk merchant account to start accepting credit card payments online.
HIGH RISK MERCHANT ACCOUNT PROVIDERS
Find the best high risk merchant account provider by knowing what to look for. Whether your ecommerce store is selling CBD oil, Adult Items, or Credit Repair Services, your merchant account should custom fit your business’s needs. With an integrated payment gateway that provides stable and scalable credit card processing, your site will be ready for new transactions.
CBD Merchant Account
Obtaining a CBD merchant account is critical for anyone running a new or existing business in this burgeoning field. With mainstream merchant account providers dropping accounts in this legally regulated industry, you’ll want to have a lasting solution so you can accept credit cards and sell CBD online. Certain regulations still apply, but high risk CBD merchant accounts are custom designed to accept this unique product.
If you’re selling edibles, flowers, or CBD for pets, we’ve got the payment processing solutions you need to grow your business. CBD payment processing comes with restrictions. You may have to show that your products have limited THC content, and you shouldn’t have medical claims that aren’t supported by the FDA. The good news is, as long as you meet certain requirements, you can easily obtain credit card processing for your CBD business.
High Risk Payment Processors
In your pursuit to find the best high risk payment processor, you’ll come across a number of different services and options. In order to find the best processor, you’ll want to be familiar with your business needs and capabilities. For example, you may need one who is willing to onboard an Adult business that was dropped by a major merchant, or a CBD company who is trying to find a sustainable solution.
Payment processors like PayKings, learn your goals and work with you to get you approved with long term solutions. Payment processing is key for your ecommerce store. It allows customers to confirm a purchase, and checkout with their choice of payment. Nowadays, credit cards are the preferred way to pay. Ensure that your website doesn’t have any barriers between your customer and their final purchase.
PROCESSING OPTIONS
Instant Approval
Certain businesses and industries can get instant approval on a high risk merchant account. In most cases however, banks will want to review your processing history and sales volume on a case-by-case basis. Each business is different and has their unique needs. If you don’t qualify for instant approval, PayKings will work to get your application processed fast. The usual time between start of the application and final approval is five to ten business days. This is standard for most high risk accounts.
ACH payment processing is a fast solution that’s often cheaper than credit card processing. Better yet, the approval times are faster still. Also known as direct debit, customers pay with a routing and account number. It’s often used for ongoing billing or subscription merchant accounts. Instant approvals happen when your information is complete and banks can review your file fast. Having all your necessary paperwork and a complete merchant application will help make the process quick and easy.
GET APPROVED FAST
High Chargeback Merchant Account
Many businesses are categorized as high risk due to the number of chargebacks they have. High chargebacks occur when there is an inconsistency in your product or supply chain, or sometimes when customers try to take advantage of your service. At Paykings, we work with our partners to reduce chargebacks and get you approved for a merchant account that is custom fit for your business needs.
Chargebacks occur for many reasons. The three most common are intentional fraud, friendly fraud, and merchant error. Intentional fraud is when someone tries to make an illegal purchase either by using stolen information or using illegal payment methods. In the case of friendly fraud, customers may file a chargeback after they received a product in order to keep both the item and payment. The last reason is merchant error. This happens if you forget to offer a refund, or you may not have received a notification that a customer wanted to return a product.
CHARGEBACK PROTECTION
MERCHANT ACCOUNT
Your merchant account allows you to accept online payments from customers using both credit and debit cards. Working in conjunction with a payment gateway, you will have the ability to grow your website sales with a high risk credit card processing account that is suited for your business. Merchant accounts are bank accounts for your business. You can have one or many depending on the size of your business, and each has different fees and restrictions associated with them.
MERCHANT ACCOUNT FEES
Merchant account fees vary according to your industry, sales volume, and company history. Our team of underwriters takes the time to learn about your business and create a custom merchant account for your unique needs. We discuss the standard fees involved and the capabilities your account provides. As a standard rule, the longer your processing history, and higher your sales volume, the lower risk your account. Part of the application process involves sharing your company details so you can get the lowest rate on your account.
APPLY NOW
STRATEGIC PARTNERS:
High Risk Merchant Account Services:
Mobile
Ecommerce
Gateway
Terminals
Chargebacks
Fraud
Surcharging
Processing
Level 2 & 3 Data
PAYKINGS
Merchants
Payment Gateway
Credit Card Processing
High Risk Merchant Account
Privacy Policy
SERVICES
eCommerce
Mobile
MO/TO
Retail & Swipe
Terminals
SOLUTIONS
3D Secure
Level 2 & 3 Processing
Recurring Billing
Chargebacks
Fraud Prevention
DEVELOPMENT
Developers
Integrations
433 Central Ave, St. Petersburg, FL 33701 contact@paykings.com
Copyright © 2024 PayKings Merchant Payments Acceptance Corp.
Merchant Payments Acceptance Corp, LLC 2024 All rights reserved Paykings.com 2011-2024.