    Home
Plans
Equipment
About ADT
Contact Us
Articles
Call Us Today: (786) 325-7867
Why Choose Us?
The ADI Advantage Plan:
6 Free Door and Window Sensors
2 Free Motion Detectors
1 Free Digital LCD Keypad
1 Free Inside Siren
1 Free Outside Siren
1 Free Back Up Battery
Free Keychain Remote (with mention of this website)
24/7 Alarm Monitoring
ADT uses the latest technology in home and business alarm monitoring equipment to ensure that when seconds count ADT is ready to react in providing the very best response. Whether it’s a Fire alarm , Burglar alarm, Carbon Monoxide or even a medical alarm emergency, ADT monitoring station representatives are ready to contact the proper authorities. ADT home security systems and ADT business alarm systems are truly made effective when they are monitored by America’s number one name in home security ADT.
Homeowner Savings
With the purchase of an ADT monitored home security system comes the added bonus of qualifying for a home owners insurance discount. ADT provides every new ADT monitored home security system subscriber with an ADT certificate of installation which they can forward to their home insurance provider and receive up to a 20% insurance discount. This is just another reason to choose ADT as your home security system provider.
Very Low Monthly Fee
While the technology ADT uses to provide the very best protection against burglary continues to increase, the monthly monitoring fees don’t. For as little as $1 per day ADT security provides protection against home intruders. Getting an ADT security system has never been easier and more affordable!
Protection Guarantee
Only ADT offers a homeowners protection guarantee. In the event a break in occurs while being an active ADT Security home alarm customer, ADT will cover up to $500 insurance deductible.
Professional Installation
ADT home security alarm systems are always installed by factory certified technicians. Every one of our technicians are background checked and drug tested. Our apprentice program ensures that the technician arriving at your home to install your ADT security system has more than 5 years experience on the field. ADT alarm system installations are then spot checked by one of our field supervisors to maintain the very highest levels of quality service and installation.
ADT Home Security Alarm System 3650 NW 82 Ave Suite 405 Miami, Fl 33166 786-325-7867 or 305-233-6044

*$99.00 Customer Installation Charge. 36-Month Monitoring Agreement required at $36.99 per month ($1,295.64). Form of payment must be by credit card or electronic charge to your checking or savings account. Offer applies to homeowners only. Local permit fees may be required. Satisfactory credit history required. Certain restrictions may apply. Offer valid for new ADT Authorized Dealer customers only and not on purchases from ADT Security Services, Inc. Other rate plans available. Cannot be combined with any other offer.
Servicing ADT systems in your area: Aventura Bal Harbour Bay Harbor Islands Biscayne Park Coral Gables Cutler Bay Doral El Portal Florida City Golden Beach Hialeah Hialeah Gardens Homestead Indian Creek Islandia Key Biscayne Medley Miami Miami Beach Miami Gardens Miami Lakes Miami Shores Miami Springs North Bay Village North Miami North Miami Beach Opa-locka Palmetto Bay Pinecrest South Miami Sunny Isles Beach Surfside Sweetwater Virginia Gardens West Miami