+44 1302 759308 Email us here
MenuClose Menu
Home
About Us
Our Products
The Corner Fridge
Pantry
Walk In Larder Fridges
Wine Rooms
Refrigeration Units
Build your own Cold Room
Doors and Refrigeration Units
Flower Fridge
Solaris Radiators
Replacement Units and Spare Parts
Funeral Homes & Mortuary
Information
FAQ’s
Looking After your Fridge
Filter Cleaning
Norcool
Repairs
Videos
Food Storage Advice
Leasing for Business Customers
Downloads
My Account
Blog
Contact us
Search
Request a Brochure
Download Brochure
See how easy it is to have a Corner Fridge in your home…
We understand just how important it is to find a fridge that suits your lifestyle and kitchen design.
We’re here to help, especially if you’re looking for a super-sized fridge that blends in perfectly with your kitchen.
Watch Now
The largest A+ energy-rated Fridge in the UK
For the ultimate in refrigeration products, put your trust in the Corner Fridge Company to advise and supply the ultimate in refrigeration products for all your needs, from food and flowers to Walk in Larder Fridges and wine cellars.
Size and location can be ‘make or break’ factors when searching for a cold-storage solution, along with hygiene considerations, ease of use, maintenance and flexible installation. This is where the friendly team at the Corner Fridge Company can help.
For domestic situations, the Corner Fridge and our custom-built Walk in Larder Fridges can be fully integrated with your kitchen design.
When it comes to commercial kitchens and wine cellars, we can help you design your cold storage space to ensure you have the most effective refrigeration solution possible.
The Corner Fridge is our flagship product, effectively making use of an otherwise awkward space, needing a floor space area of just 100cm x 100cm. The specially designed air-flow refrigeration unit inside the fridge means dry ingredients, flowers and fruit can be stored in the perfect ‘cool dry place’ so everything stays fresh for longer.
Big Fridges - Watch Now

+44 1302 759308
Information
Shipping & Returns
Delivery & Installation
Guarantee Information & Support
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Sitemap
info@cornerfridge.com
Corner Fridge Company Ltd
Unit 4 Brunel Close,
Harworth, Doncaster,
South Yorkshire,
DN11 8QA
All rights reserved. © The Corner Fridge Company Ltd 2024. an upbeat design
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more