Data to trust – for decisions that matter
Data isn’t hard to find, but high-quality data is. At Norstat you get real data collected from real people – a natural starting point for on-point market research. So that your next decision is the right one.
Get started
Competitive edge through better data
Know your target group better than anyone else. Use our high-quality consumer panels to leverage your commercial accuracy.
Market Understanding
Customer Experience
Brand Performance
Brand Tracking
Innovation & Product Development
UX & UI Design
Pricing
Audience Segmentation
Concept & Creative Testing
Campaign & Ad Effectiveness
Shopping Behaviour
Public Perception & Polling
Know your World
We deliver data to trust, for your most well-founded decisions.
What we do
Get started
Norstat in numbers
+ 4
million consumers are part of our network of respondents
15
countries and strong local expertise ready to deliver
19
thousand projects completed last year
+9
million interviews conducted for our customers last year
Capabilities that will excel your research and insights
With Norstat you get the technology, people, and processes to collect reliable data about any desired topic or target group – over a long period of time or within an hour. Always tailored to your specific need. 
  Connect with an expert
Always close to market
Since our start in 1997, Norstat has become a leading European data collector for market research. Today we offer access to over 4 million respondents across 19 countries – and office representation in 15 of them.
See all our locations
You’re in excellent company:
Customer success
“We are happy to have partnered with Norstat for our digital campaign testing through Norstat Live, enabling us to effectively reach our desired target audiences. Norstat has demonstrated its support in evaluating the efficiency of our digital campaigns, benefiting both us and our clients”
Karolina Nilvang, Research & Effect Manager
Schibsted
Latest news
News
Norstat Quarterly Data Q1 2024: Rising concerns over conflict as inflation worries fall
Read more
News
Signed agreement to change ownership of Norstat from Triton to Nalka
Read more
News
Norstat accelerates TestingTime roll-out with plans for European expansion
Read more
Read more news
Talk to one of our experts or get started straight away
We’re keen on becoming part of your success story. Reach out to us today.
Contact us
Contact
Solutions
Solutions overview
Full Service
Sample Only
Norstat Express
Norstat Dashboards
What we do
How it works
Methods
Resources
Case Studies
Norstat Quarterly Data
Company
About us
Careers
News
Sustainability
Sign up to newsletter
© Norstat 2024
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions