Turnkey School Furniture Solutions
COMPLETE SOLUTIONS FOR PRIMARY, SECONDARY AND FURTHER EDUCATION
Our one-stop classroom refurbishment solution for your school or college
Choose your solution
A Complete School Furniture Solution
DESIGN
Its all in the design, from the initial enquiry and site survey our experienced design team will work closely with you to design a classroom solution that works for you and your budget.
CONSTRUCTION
InterFocus can provide a comprehensive range of building services for your project, including dealing with both planning and building control if required. Building works can be as simple as just moving a doorway to completely re-configuring a faculty to provide larger classroom spaces.
MANUFACTURING
We have invested heavily in latest manufacturing equipment and production software which allows us to provide cost effective bespoke furniture solutions for our clients, built right here in the UK at our Cambridge manufacturing facility. 
REFURBISHMENT
From the initial design to the manufacture and installation of your new classroom, our project teams are with you all the way. From new science classrooms to food technology, one classroom or an entire faculty refurbishment, InterFocus can deliver on time and on budget.
Which classroom solution are you looking for?
Science Classrooms
Food Technology Classrooms
iWall Teacher Wall
ICT Classrooms
ICT Classrooms
School Furniture
Design, Manufacture and Installation
As one of the UK’s leading manufacturers and suppliers of school furniture, InterFocus can create bespoke classroom furniture packages for single rooms to entire academic departments. 
Providing a complete turnkey classroom refurbishment service as well as new build solutions for Academies, faith schools, Independent and private schools.
Why InterFocus
With InterFocus on board you can be confident that we will transform your new academic classrooms in a smooth and efficient manner with the minimum of disruption. 
We will provide a modern, practical, high quality classroom that improves the learning environment for pupils and the teaching environment for your staff.
So whether you are dealing with a new school build project or simply refurbishing existing classrooms, we will have a solution that fits your needs and budget. All manufactured right here in UK.
Contact us today
Providing solutions
for over 30 years
As one of the leading school furniture suppliers and manufacturers in Britain, we also offer general-purpose solutions for classrooms, staff offices and other areas.
Alongside our bespoke services our standard furniture ranges are available in our catalogue which is available for download or can be sent by request. 
You can also contact our team to find out how we can create a high quality turnkey furniture solution that fits with your needs and budget.
Classroom Furniture Solutions
QUICK AND EFFICIENT
From the initial contact your request will be handled efficiently. Our experienced staff will be with all the way from start to finish
DETAILED COSTING
We can provide ball park budget values for funding applications based on standard design layouts or provide a detailed costing based on the design our team have produced
3D RENDERS
Using the latest CAD software we are able to provide high quality renders of your chosen layout
UK MANUFACTURER
Our modern production facility based outside Cambridge allows us to provide short lead times alongside bespoke solutions.
QUALITY FITTING
All our fitters are DBS checked and trained to provide high quality fitting of our classroom solutions
ONE STOP SOLUTION
Our turnkey classroom service provides a complete one-stop solution for our clients, by providing the entire solution we can often give our clients a cost saving over the traditional project approach
Just Some of our Clients
THESE ARE JUST SOME OF THE CLIENTS WE HAVE WORKED WITH
A Solution for Every Budget
We understand the budget constraints of a modern school, that's why we offer solutions to cater for every budget
if you are applying for funding we can provide budget costs based on our standard layout designs
these designs are based on typical averaged sized classrooms with approximately 30 pupils, further more to help with your budget request
we can also provide 3D renders of the proposed layout and a brief scope of works
CONTACT
QUICK LINKS
Home
Solutions
Products
About Us
Contact Us
ACCREDITATIONS
ISO 9001
ISO 14401
BS OHSAS 18001
ConstructionLine
CHAS
NIC EIC Contractor
Considerate Contractor
FSC® Certified C166109
LATEST
Designing your school science classrooms
What is a turnkey school classroom solution
© Copyright InterFocus 2023. All rights reserved
Privacy  |  Terms  |  Site Map