Skip to content
Login
EN
Free trial
Product tour
New Release Alert!
Our latest enhancements tap into the enormous potential of AI, focusing on three key areas of enterprise localization operations—quality, hyperautomation, and scale.
Learn more
A world leader in translation technology
Phrase automates, manages, and translates content for deeper customer connections and faster business growth.
Request a demo
Free trial
The Phrase Localization Platform
The Phrase Platform is the world’s most powerful, connective, and customizable localization platform. Cloud-based and AI-driven, it empowers organizations to provide customers with access to the content they need in the language they speak.
The Platform is built to automate, manage, translate and integrate content at great speed, accuracy and scale. This means your customers are more engaged, fewer resources are needed and business impact is delivered quickly.
More on the Phrase Platform
How the Phrase Localization Platform can help
A single hub
Future-facing AI
Outcome-focused
Quality at scale
Connected: everywhere
A single hub
Visibility, management and translation of all content within a single, intuitive environment. This provides full visibility and control – and the Platform is designed to evolve alongside your teams and complexities.
Business impact: Use cases
A Leader in Localization
G2 Satisfaction Scoring
G2 Satisfaction Scoring
Nimdzi New Visionary
9.1/10 User Rating
4.6/5 User Rating
Phrase recognition
Pricing
Taking Translation Further
AI-led translation

We believe that the creation of our AI-powered platform is one of the biggest single advancements to happen in localization technology. Baked into the Platform and customised to your needs, Phrase AI is trainable to achieve the most successful outcomes based on the your circumstances and unique goals. In real time, the system automates the selection of the most effective translation services, incorporates brand terms, and scores content quality based on an array of context and circumstances. This means you are able to achieve much more, with less.
More about Phrase Language AI
Automate
Phrase Orchestrator adds the ability to customize and fully automate localization processes and workflows, allowing your entire organization to access, process and distribute content at lightning speed. Designed for teams who want to build sophisticated workflows with ease, Orchestrator provides a single interface spanning the Phrase Platform of products. And with drag-and-drop functionality, no coding is required.
Introducing Phrase Orchestrator
Analyze
Phrase Analytics empowers you to build fully individualized reports and powerful data visualizations to track performance and success. The actionable insights from this intelligence mean you’ll be able to track against goals and optimize your data-driven, end-to-end localization process. SQL knowledge is not required, so there’s no need to rely on a BI team to create sophisticated reports.
Find out about Analytics
Integrate
With over 50 integrations (and counting…), Phrase can connect to your existing localization systems with ease. The ‘plug and play’ nature of the Platform protects existing workflows, allows you to retain current tools, and enables incredible speed to value. And, in the unlikely scenario that a connection doesn’t exist, our engineers can build it.
Phrase connections
Deliveroo wouldn’t have a localization process without Phrase. Investing in the Phrase Localization Suite, we have managed to centralize the process and ensure consistency with all types of content. Most importantly, thanks to Phrase, we’ve helped improve time to market and customer satisfaction in new regions.
Starting to use Phrase was like switching from riding a bicycle to driving a car.
We were able to reduce our turnaround time for translations by 80%.
Sergio Llorens González
Localization Manager
We explored multiple localization solutions, but Phrase emerged as the indisputable frontrunner. Thanks to Phrase we have more control over our timelines. The languages team turns around a localization request in about a week, and this is never in doubt.
Jamie Brown
Chief Languages Services Officer at what3words
Previous
Next
Suggested Reading
News
Phrase Accelerates Hyperautomation in Localization with more AI-powered Enhancements
New releases drive forward AI, Scalability, and Workflow for unparalleled hyperautomation in localization
Read more
Webinar
Navigating the Hype around Hyperautomation
Join Simone Bohnenberger-Rich, PhD, our Chief Product Officer, together with Dr. Arle Lommel, Director of Data Services at CSA Research, as they explore the hype around hyperautomation.
Read more
Next
View more
Want to find out more?
Get in touch
Request a demo
Products
Phrase Localization Platform
Phrase TMS
Phrase Strings
Phrase Language AI
Phrase Orchestrator
Phrase Analytics
Integrations
Solutions
By role
By use case
For enterprises
For non-profits
For LSPs
Company
About us
Our customers
Newsroom
Awards & reviews
Events
Careers
Our partners
Resources
Blog
Webinars
Resource hub
Help center
Download
Contact
© 2024 Phrase
Legal
Privacy
Sub-processors
Cookies
Security
Whistleblowing
AI
Status
Imprint