Skip to content
Home
Services
About
Client Portal
Client Showcase
Learn More
The Library Communication & Patron Service Specialists
Unique Management empowers libraries with multi-channel communication for unparalleled patron service. We provide you with the services and tools to thrive.
Explore services
Get in touch
About Unique
At Unique, we pride ourselves on our rich legacy of serving the library industry. Our innovative services are designed to reduce workloads, enhance in-house efficiency, and provide robust tools for effective communication.
We employ the latest technology to give libraries the industry-leading tools they need to serve their patrons and fulfill their own mission, while remaining budget-focused.
From our flagship Gentle Nudge Material Recovery service, to our engaging and powerful MessageBee product, Unique has solutions for any problem, for libraries of any size.
Our Services
A full overview of our current products and innovative library services is below. We invite you to take a look and truly see how your library can serve, engage, and interact with patrons to create next-level engagement and an experience they are sure to rave about.
No matter the size of the library or the size of the challenge, we have the service and expertise to find a solution.
THE COMPLETE PATRON COMMUNICATION TOOL FOR TODAY'S LIBRARIES
MessageBee is a complete suite of patron communications including email, text, print, and voice options designed specifically for libraries, all from one interface.
E-mail
The last word in patron email communication. Add things like logos, colors, buttons, and links with drag-and-drop ease to make your transactional and mass emails stand out.
Text Messaging
With MessageBee SMS, sending text notifications to your patrons is a set-and-forget task. Unique maximizes deliverability for communicating in the most convenient way.
Phone
Deliver Text-to-speech or recorded message options via a library specific phone number with no library-based equipment. Multiple language delivery options are available.
Explore MessageBee
Best of MessageBee Templates
See how libraries are using MessageBee templates and features such as multiple languages, scheduled images, automated welcome journey, and more to supercharge email communication.
See the Templates
VIRTUAL PATRON SERVICES FOR LIBRARIES
Librarians today are teachers, advocates, friends, technology experts, and content creators. Working with Unique – a proven partner of libraries – for managed virtual patron service allows library staff to be all these things and more, while enhancing the excellent service your patrons have come to expect. Let Unique handle the day-to-day tasks so your staff can focus on the high-level activities that allow libraries to not only exist, but thrive.
UniqueChat
Engage with virtual users seamlessly. Our live chat bridges the gap, connecting patrons without them ever leaving your website.
Call Center Services
Centralize your customer service and let us handle the calls. Free up your onsite staff for in-person interactions and enhance the patron experience.
Curbside Communicator
Facilitate safe and seamless curbside hold pick-ups with our text messaging tool.
Explore services
95% Of Libraries Say Excellent Patron Service Is Extremely Important
SEE HOW SACRAMENTO PUBLIC LIBRARY IS USING UNIQUE TO HELP MAKE THIS HAPPEN
View Case Study
MATERIAL RECOVERY AND LONG OVERDUE PATRON COMMUNICATION
We partner with libraries to effectively recover long overdue materials – along with fines and fees as desired – while preserving patron goodwill. With almost 30 years of experience, we understand the particular needs and concerns of libraries. Our process saves you time through extensive automation while remaining budget-friendly, thanks to the considerable fiscal value of asset recovery.
Gentle Nudge® Material Recovery
Bring back overdue materials with our proven Gentle Nudge® approach, ensuring patrons remain in good standing.
Fine Free Gentle Nudge®
A fresh take on our Gentle Nudge® process, focusing on material recovery and unblocking patrons without fines.
TechProtect® Material Recovery
A mix of communication to retrieve libraries’ more valuable assets like Wi-Fi hotspots, tablets, e-readers, and Chromebooks.
Explore material recovery
DATA TOOLS FOR LIBRARY MARKETING AND DATABASE MAINTENANCE
Leverage Unique’s tools and data to create marketing opportunities and effectively manage your library’s database and patron eligibility.
Automated Card Renewal
Confirms patron renewal eligibility and automatically renew card to save both patron and staff time. 
New Mover Service
Welcome new residents with postcards introducing your library with no manual library work.
NCOA Database Clean-up
Streamline patron record updates with our efficient batch processing service.
Explore services
Trusted by over 2,000 Libraries
A Library First Approach
Unique Library understands that libraries are unique and necessitate a service designed exclusively for them. We provide a customer service-driven approach focused on libraries and their communication and material recovery needs for over 30 years.
Our focus on libraries translates into a process that yields higher recovery results, increased patron goodwill, intelligent administration tools, and staff time-savings. Our commitment to working with library technology providers means that our service and expertise matches seamlessly with your ILS provider.
What Libraries Are Saying
“Unique allows our staff to focus more on customers inside the building, expanding programming and continuing outreach events. Overall, Unique has been positively embraced by both staff and customers alike.”
“Unique are great representatives for our library: friendly call reps, accurate information – I just wanted to say thanks and let you and your reps know that we notice and appreciate it!”
“I want to thank Unique for helping us with MessageBee. I think the product is great and the way Unique have helped us move 47 libraries to use the product has been incredibly effective and I just want to say a big thank you. We look forward to the next processes of adding text messages to our MessageBee service and working with Unique in the future!”
Discover the Unique difference.
Contact us today to learn how we can revolutionize your library's communication and operations.
Email
Notes
Stay Connected With Unique
Stay up-to-date on industry trends, current events, and to see what’s happening at Unique by signing up for our monthly newsletter – Material Matters.
SUBMIT
Visit our Blog
Please note that we’re committed to your privacy. We use the information you provide to contact you about our relevant content and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, check out our Privacy Policy. 
United States:
119 E. Maple Street
Jeffersonville, IN 47130
Phone: 800-879-5453
Fax: 812-285-0895
Australia:
Suite 853
29 Smith St
Parramatta NSW 2150
Phone: 1800-189-493
Canada:
251 Queen Street South
Suite 835
Mississauga, ON L5M 1L7
Phone: 1-800-879-5453
New Zealand:
MBE 259
Private Bag 92175
Auckland 1142
Phone: 0800-452-549
United Kingdom:
Suite #111 405 Kings Road
Chelsea, London
SW10 0BB
Phone: 08-800-028-7429
AROUND THE SITE
Request a Quote
Client Portal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Chat Terms of Service
Contact
Client Showcase
Webinars
CONNECT WITH US
UNIQUE LIBRARY © 2024
Home
Services
▼
About
▼
Client Portal
Client Showcase
Learn More
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
OkPrivacy policy