Office: (562) 861-6694
Corrine Cell (Manager) (562) 299-4940
CA. License # 198204587
Home
About Us
Services and Activities »
Gallery
Questionnaire
Blog
Referral Promotion
Contact Us

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Previous
Next
THE ULTIMATE IN ELDERLY ASSISTED LIVING WITH PERSONAL HOME CARE
Senior care doesn't come any warmer or more thorough than The Villa Retirement. Our professional, experienced staff devotes itself to ensuring an environment of trust, personalized attention and affection.
We understand the thoughts and feelings that exist when choosing quality residential care. We recognize the emotions felt by our residents and families.
OUR COMMITMENT
We commit to provide the highest quality care tailored to each individual resident. At The Villa, each resident is special. Your loved ones become a significant part of our family, where they are treated with integrity and dignity.
If you would like to visit The Villa, please call (562) 861-6694 for an appointment.  We look forward to meeting you and answer any questions you might have about our services. 


We are here to serve you
Services and Activities
Read more about our services and activities. Find out how The Villa can serve your needs.
Our Blog
Watch video testimonials and read the latest news from The Villa. Our blog is constantly updated.
Gallery
Want to see what The Villa looks like? Check out our picture gallery to get a good idea.
Contact Us
Our staff is friendly and always ready for you. If you have any questions don't hesitate to contact us.

You can fill out our questionnaire online!
Click Here

Testimonials
It's so wonderful to know that The Villa is a family owned and operated business and I feel a sense of personal connection was there.

Non-discrimination Information: Facility shall comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination of perspective clients, current clients based on race, color, creed, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, religious beliefs, physical or mental disability, veteran status, marital status, medical condition, sexual orientation & gender identity (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender & Questioning), as well as any other category protected by Federal, State, or local laws. All such discrimination is unlawful and all persons both resident, responsible person of resident & facility employees involved in such behavior are prohibited from engaging in this type of illegal conduct. This non-medical related facility can not admit clients with certain medical conditions and violent behaviors resulting from various levels of cognitive impairment in accordance to California State Laws.

Contact Information
Office: (562) 861-6694
Corrine Cell (Manager): (562) 299-4940
12565 Downey Ave, Downey, CA 90242.
Accessibility
Recent Posts
The Villa Retirement Tour
Helping those in need
Testimonials Coming Soon!
Social Media
    Find Us On Yelp
    CA. License # 198204587
Copyright © The Villa