Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Some of the information shared with our partners may possibly be stored outside of the UK/EEA, and within the United States for business purposes only. All data is protected through data protection law within the UK/EEA, and the Privacy Policy of the partner we do business with.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing










Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
Market leader in fee protection insurance since 1985
FIND OUT MORE
The UK’s leading provider of expert tax support and insurance
For more than 30 years we have been delivering market leading tax advice and fee protection. We work with 10 of the UK’s top 20 accountancy firms as well as thousands of small and medium sized practices.
PFP is commercially minded and committed to providing specialist tax services that will allow you to expand your service portfolio, increase your revenue through new income streams, enhance your reputation and keep you competitive.
LEARN MORE
Industry leading products you can trust
Working exclusively with accountancy practices, we offer a wide range of tax and insurance products. These include superior fee protection schemes, R&D tax relief consultancy and capital allowances tax relief consultancy. We also offer IR35 contract reviews and PAYE online solutions.
GO TO OUR PRODUCTS
Transformational services to support our products
We are proud to offer more support for our products than any other provider in the market. Our comprehensive and entirely complimentary range of services includes marketing, account management and training and education. All our services are designed to have a transformational impact on your practice.
SEE OUR SERVICES
If I have any taxation enquiry issues I can easily speak to PfP and get a first class response very quickly and with practical advice, which is most important.
Nick Alder FCA, Partner, Reeves & Co LLP
The ease of administration with PfP is great – very responsive. PfP have a genuine understanding of what’s happening on the ground and changes in legislation and practice.
Dawn Register, Partner, BDO – Top 10 UK accountancy firm
We’re very confident the policy PfP offers us meets our client needs. We’ve been working with PfP for some years now – we’re very happy with them.
Matt Coward, Partner, MHA MacIntyre Hudson – Top 20 UK accountancy firm
Switching was a difficult decision but went better than we could have anticipated. The people we’ve dealt with have been very professional, helpful and knowledgeable in their field.
Nick Cudmore, Partner, Duncan and Toplis – Top 40 UK accountancy firm
Latest news
The latest news and updates from PFP and the profession.
HMRC suspects large companies of underpaying £35.8billion in tax last year
HMRC suspects large companies of underpaying £35.8billion in tax last year (2020/21 March 31st year end) – a jump of £1billion from the previous year.* This is the sixth year in a row this figure has climbed.
Cryptoassets and capital gains tax: a nudge from HMRC
As predicted some time ago, HMRC has now written to UK holders of cryptoassets to “nudge” them to check their capital gains tax position.
HMRC collected £17.7m in unpaid tax from UK buy-to-let landlords in the last year
One area where HMRC is becoming increasingly concerned over the years is the amount of unpaid tax in the buy-to-let sector. New data shows HMRC collected £17.7m in unpaid tax from UK buy-to-let landlords in the last year*. HMRC has recouped this underpaid tax from 4,330 UK landlords in ...
VIEW MORE ARTICLES
ABOUT PFP
Professional Fee Protection and PFP are trading names of Geo Underwriting Services Limited authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. FCA Registered Number 308400. Registered Address: 2 Minster Court, Mincing Lane, London EC3R 7PD. Registered in England and Wales. Company Number: 4070987.

The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) is an agency for arbitrating on unresolved complaints between regulated firms and their clients. Full details of the FOS can be found on its website at www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk.
FOLLOW US
Twitter
LinkedIn
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Keep up to date with our latest news and events.
SUBSCRIBE
I accept the Terms & Conditions
Copyright © Professional Fee Protection, 2021. All rights reserved.
Fair Processing Notice
Terms and conditions
Product Governance
Designed and built by Onespacemedia