This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
Expand access to precision cancer prevention, early detection & treatment
CancerIQ makes it easy for health systems to use genetic information to get ahead of cancer at scale. Our best-in-class, science-based platform is proven to double genetic counseling service capacity, quadruple genetic testing uptake & significantly improve screening compliance.
BOOK A DEMO
SCREENING
RISK ASSESSMENT 
PATIENT NAVIGATION
CARE PLAN MANAGEMENT
ANALYTICS & REVENUE TRACKING
SOFTWARE & SERVICES
A comprehensive solution across the continuum of care
CancerIQ equips providers in any care setting to identify patients’ lifetime and hereditary cancer risk, use the most up-to-date guidance to improve uptake of genetic testing, and increase adherence to personalized cancer care plans — all integrated into EHR workflows. On-demand patient education, telegenetic counseling and virtual health navigation help scale any program, shift cancer diagnoses to earlier stages, and generate downstream revenue.
WHY CANCERIQ
What differentiates us
Up-to-date clinical guidance at your fingertips
CancerIQ offers a robust content library of evidence-based guidelines and risk models to help providers interpret data real-time and navigate patients to the appropriate genetic testing, screening, or treatment interventions.
Customized workflow planning & implementation
To ensure CancerIQ fits within your existing workflow, our team conducts an initial observation and collaborates with your team to develop the best design. Our suite of customer success services will help you optimize your program.
Industry-leading patient engagement surveys
CancerIQ's simple screening tools allow frontline providers to engage patients and understand their unique cancer risk profile, including hereditary, lifestyle and adherence risk factors. Our screeners are patient friendly and inclusive with high readability and comprehension.
Stand up a program with or without EHR integration
Use CancerIQ on its own or integrate it directly with your EHR. Whichever you choose, you'll still have access to one click generation of consult notes, progress notes, patient and family letters, education, and standardized documentation.
Enjoy a full suite of testing vendors and options
CancerIQ works with multiple leading genetic testing labs, so you aren't locked in to just one. Order tests from your vendor of choice – all without leaving our software platform, and reduce your compliance and legal risk.
Good for patients and good for business
To make the case for your high or average risk program, CancerIQ tracks the overall clinical and financial performance of the program, measuring downstream revenue and identifying opportunities to grow patient impact.
WHO WE SERVE
Software for providers in any clinical setting
CancerIQ's risk stratification and recommendation engine helps clinicians segment patients by risk level, engage and educate patients, and generate care plan recommendations. Our automated documentation and test ordering tools are built directly into your workflow to streamline and guide shared decision making and patient activation at the point of care. 
Oncology & Genetics
Increase patient access and improve staff productivity by automating the genetic counseling process and reducing admin work.
LEARN MORE
Breast Centers
Improve profitability and patient impact with all the tools you need to start, run, and grow a high-risk breast program.
LEARN MORE
JOIN THE EARLY ADOPTER PROGRAM
Preventative Care
Improve cancer screening rates and diagnose cancers earlier with point-of-care cancer screening decision guidance.
GET IN TOUCH
OUR CUSTOMERS
Trusted by diverse healthcare systems nationwide
CancerIQ is partnering with more than 200 clinical locations around the country to help them realize the clinical and financial benefits of risk-based cancer screening at the population level.
"As a genetic counselor you want to be able to work with those patients that have a personal or family history of cancer that are getting a referral. But, there are just so many patients out there that are not getting that opportunity. CancerIQ is not only helping me in my everyday job to reduce my administrative workload, reduce the burnout of my staff, but it's also helping us as an organization find more of our at-risk patients."
Genetic Counseling Manager & Certified Genetic Counselor at the Dignity Health Cancer Institute
Ashley Navarro, MS, CGC
"There's really no other platform that can help us do what we're trying to do here in our breast center to manage and navigate our high-risk breast patients – our key stakeholders all see the value in it, too. The CancerIQ questionnaire for patients has been a big game changer in that it addresses a much more comprehensive set of genetic, hereditary, and lifestyle risk factors for these women."
Nurse Navigator OCN CN-BN CGRAChristus Ochsner Health Southwestern Louisiana
Leah Marcantel, RN
"Through our partnership with CancerIQ, we’ve been able to scale a small grassroots genetic testing program into a system-wide initiative to help our primary care providers get ahead of cancer. CancerIQ’s seamless integration with the EMR and high-touch customer success team has not only taken the burden off our IT teams and support staff, but made our health system truly stand out against competitors."
Medical Director, Adventist Health AHEAD Program
Dr. Candace Westgate
READ THE FULL CASE STUDY ON MARIN
CHALLENGE
MarinHealth Medical Center needed support to offer navigation and genetic services in its high-risk breast health center that was missing patients, burdened by admin tasks, and struggling to justify cost.
OPPORTUNITY
CancerIQ streamlined their genetic services workflow, automating the documentation process, and providing a management portal for follow-up on medical management recommendations. 
SOLUTION
With CancerIQ, the risk-identified referrals rose from 46% to 78%, genetics service capacity grew 3.9x — from 132 consults per year to 521 consults annually, and the program was able to track transparent downstream revenue directly in the platform.
THE LATEST INSIGHTS
Precision prevention news and industry insights
EXPLORE THE CANCERIQ BLOG
EBOOKS
Read our eBooks on breast, genetics, and oncology programs
Take a deep dive into the clinical and financial outcomes you can expect when implementing or growing your own high or average risk program.
DOWNLOAD NOW
Keep in touch
CancerIQ is proud to offer precision prevention news and learning opportunities to our clinical champion community. You don't have to be our customer to take advantage – subscribe to receive the content you care about.
Email*
CancerIQ, Inc.
515 N. State Street, Suite 1025
Chicago, IL 60654
info@cancer-iq.com
(312) 761-3360

GET A DEMO
        Log in
Navigator
Specialist
Manager
Analytics
Contact
Book a demo
Media Relations: marketing@canceriq.com
Business & Partnership Requests: bd@canceriq.com
General inquiries: info@cancer-iq.com
© 2022 CancerIQ All rights reserved
Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

  Powered by Atlas - a B2B SaaS HubSpot theme