BOOK NOW
SUITES
RESORT
GALLERY
Reservations: +1 (970) 586-0910
Welcome to Boulder Brook on Fall River
Welcome to Boulder Brook, your home in the Rocky Mountains. Looking around, you find towering pines, blue skies and majestic mountain peaks. Wildlife abounds. This is relaxation. This is your vacation.

At Boulder Brook, relaxation is everywhere. It’s the riverfront loveseat. Looking up at the stars from the outdoor hot tub. Snuggling by the fireplace during a snowstorm. Reading a book on your private deck. Falling asleep to the sound of the river. Cabin life in the woods. Welcome home.  
Boulder Brook Suites
Let Boulder Brook make your vacation the perfect vacation.
SPA SUITES
The perfect romantic getaway for two! Relax in your oversized suite with private riverfront decks, vaulted ceilings, two-person jetted tubs, kitchen, air conditioning and a gas fireplace.
ONE BEDROOM SUITES
Your home away from home. Enjoy your private bedroom with king bed. Relax in the living room with a fireplace, river view deck, kitchenette, sofa bed and air conditioning. The bathroom features an oversized jetted tub.
ASPEN SUITE
More like a home than a hotel room, the Aspen Suite is the perfect getaway. This two-bedroom, air conditioned, upstairs unit has lots of space and amazing views of Fall River, the aspen and pine trees and the local wildlife.
RIVERVIEW SUITE
When light and space matter, walls of windows and high vaulted ceilings create a dramatic living space. The Riverview Suite features a large great room, separate bedroom with queen size bed, an oversized jetted tub and air conditioning.
MOUNTAIN SUITE
Feels like home. A large air conditioned, one-bedroom suite, the Mountain Suite has a large living room with full kitchen and a separate bedroom with a queen bed.
COUNTRY SUITE
Small and sweet. The Country Suite is a smaller, air conditioned, one-bedroom suite with lots of charm. A comfortable living room leads to a walk-through kitchen. Bedroom has a queen sized bed and walk in closet.
Boulder Brook on Fall River Resort
Boulder Brook on Fall River is an intimate, riverfront resort. Our Spa Suites are perfect for the romantic getaway, featuring riverfront decks, vaulted ceilings, private two-person jetted tubs and warm fireplaces. One Bedroom Suites become your home away from home, with a cozy living room featuring a private riverfront deck and a separate bedroom. Riverview, Mountain and Country Suites are one-of-a-kind units with full kitchens. The Aspen Suite is our only 2-bedroom suite accommodating up to 6 people. Nestled next to the rambling waters of Fall River, Boulder Brook is ideally located between the unique shopping of downtown Estes Park and the rugged splendor of the Rocky Mountain National Park. 

Whether exploring or staying “home” to quietly sit in the shade reading or fishing, it is likely that you will enjoy a visit from deer, elk, or bighorn sheep during your stay at Boulder Brook. Let us fulfill your vacation dreams at Boulder Brook. 
Fishing
Fishing (catch and release) is permitted just steps from your suite. The Fall River is home to many varieties of trout, some of which are endangered.  According to Kirk’s Fly Shop, Fall River has rainbow and brown trout, with an occasional brook trout and greenback cutthroat. Most of the natural fish are brown trout averaging 8-10 inches. A valid Colorado fishing license is required.

Wildlife Viewing
A favorite guest activity, Boulder Brook provides excellent opportunities for wildlife viewing. Elk, deer, bighorn sheep, fox and occasionally bear have been seen on the property, attracted to the river and open spaces. Stellar’s jays, woodpeckers and magpies are seen frequently, as well as many small birds and even wild turkeys on occasion. Visit our Photo Gallery to see some of our wild visitors!
Outdoor Hot Tub and Gazebo
Enjoy our beautiful heated gazebo, with comfortable seating for wildlife watching and relaxing hot tub under the stars.
BBQ
BBQs are conveniently located throughout the property.





ESTES PARK VISITOR GUIDE 
Rocky Mountain 
National Park
LEARN MORE  ABOUT RMNP 
ESTES PARK – COLORADO
Copyright ©2024 Boulder Brook on Fall River. All Rights Reserved.
 SUITES
 RESORT
 POLICIES
BOOK NOW
 GALLERY
 DRIVING DIRECTIONS
 CONTACT