Rising Records is the independent, not-for-profit,label
based in Sheffield (UK). It was Originally formed and registered with the Independent Label Association in 1980, we have been trading as an independent ever since.
Some Rising Records News
Pig'n'aif released a video to accompany the track.
 ‘Down ‘n’ Out’
What would you say to your younger-self if you had the chance?
Check it out now or here with some of their other video output. Or their
 ‘The Jester... Thinks...’ album.


 







  And here’s the Pig'n'aif video to accompany
 ‘Stolen Moments’
another track from
 ‘The Jester... Thinks...’ album.
Great track and beautiful video. Check it out now or here with some of their other video output.


 


 


    Here’s a video teaser from the  Pig’n’aif album ‘Electronicalis’
to give you a flavour.
The track is ‘My Amie’
Electronic sounds, and synth guitar blended with analogue to produce an album of electronic prog-rock tracks.
 A one-off in a different genre.



 



     
Phil Jackson the prolific international writer/composer is still going strong in his adopted home of Bulgaria.
From his base in Bulgaria, Phil continues as a much published lyricist and contributor to many European artist’s portfolios.
The most famous are his songs with the groups Siluet and Di-family, Fandango, Smashed Can, Mitko Trend and Soundfull, Richie Mantarliev, Yassen Dimitrov, Krassimir Tenev, Terry Douglas. He is currently recording songs with Yordan Yordanov from Fandango and Goran Edman.
Check out his details and links here
   Pig’n’aif’ are now firmly back in the studio engaged in the post production and mixing of  their new albums. Their new priority. They are now apparently refusing any external work until these projects are released. (Nice if you can do it).
So we can expect the albums  ‘Electronicalis’ and ‘Musicalis Grumpiosa’ very soon (not necessarily in that order)..
 You can get more track information, audio, video  and release information about the albums in the Releases section of this site.
For those into classic NWOBHM, the definitive versions of the music of the band, Phoenix Rising, has now been released.
Called ‘After The Fire’,  The Music of Phoenix Rising. The recordings are based on the album left on the tapes when the original line-up disbanded.
There’s more info on the band page and releases section of this site.

ChinWig continue to attract both downloads and streams from around the world  for their album ‘Be Upstanding’.
The guys would like to thank you all for that. You can listen to some clips from their album here. More...
          www.rising-records.com Please contact our Webmaster with questions or comments. Copyright 1980 to 2024 Rising Records. All rights reserved