Sign up
Contact
Log in
The All-In-One Vacation Rental Management, Hotel Software and Channel Management Software.
An award-winning hospitality software to manage bookings, listings, calendars, payments, guest communications and many other workflows all in one place.
Save time, get more bookings and scale your business. From €15.90/month. Mobile friendly. Multi-language.
Book a demo Get started now Free trial, no obligation.
We are Channel Manager Partners with all Industry Leading OTAs.
Preferred and Premier Channel Management Partner with Airbnb, Vrbo, Booking.com, Expedia. Connectivity Partner with Marriot, Google for Vacation Rental and Google Hotel Ads.
Certified high connection quality + Advanced Features + Priority support
                    All 60+ channels
Save time, Boost Bookings, and Elevate Your Business Growth
Beds24's powerful and flexible cloud software is customisable to meet the needs of all types of accommodation including vacation rentals, hotels, B&Bs, hostels, holiday homes, individual property owners as well as agencies and professional property managers.
Book a demo Get started now
Free trial, no obligation.
Channel Manager
Automatically keep availability and prices up to date and avoid double bookings. Being a preferred Partner with premium support with leading OTA's, Beds24 offers advanced connectivity across popular channels like Airbnb, Booking.com, Expedia, Vrbo, and many more.
About the channel manager
Property Management
A centralised front-desk system to manage essential functions such as booking management, dynamic prices, payments, inventory, guest check-in and, check-out, and much more. Access from anywhere using a computer, tablet or smartphone.
About the PMS
Automation
Save time by automating key processes such as bookings, calendars, guest communications, invoicing, payment collection and reporting. The built-in yield optimizer automatically adjusts prices based on availability, helping to maximise nightly revenue.
About automation
Online Booking System
Integrate our customisable and mobile-friendly Internet Booking Engine (IBE) into your website for commission-free direct bookings and automatic payment collection or use your booking page as direct booking website. Increase revenue by offering optional add-on services, voucher codes, promotions, discounts and more.
About the online booking system
Communication
Automate guest communication throughout the guest lifecycle based on predefined triggers and events (booking, arrival, stay, checkout, follow-up). Benefit from a central inbox that enables two-way messaging directly through the Airbnb, Booking.com and VRBO’s messaging systems.
About communication
Payment Processing
Whether collecting payments directly at the time of booking or sending automated payment requests to guests, Beds24 facilitates secure, hassle-free, and automated payment collection from guests, solving a common challenge for property managers.
About payment processing
Our partners
Connect with the many leading portals and apps.
All 60+ channels
All integrations
Sophisticated property management functions to grow revenue, enhance operations and improve guest experience
Multi-award winning Channel Manager
60+ leading booking channels
Certified 2-way API connections
iCal calendar sync
Google Hotel Ads integration
TripAdvisor and Trivago integration
Listing management
Advanced inventory management i.e. close one or all sales channel, closed to arrival, closed to departure, dependent availability and shared inventory
Integrated Property Management System
Smart Dynamic Calendar
Drag-and-drop bookings
Customizable dashboards
Reports, tracking and analytics
Invoice generation
Smart automation & communication
Secure payment collection from guests
Messaging platform with Airbnb and Booking.com
Personalized communication with guests
WhatsApp messages to guests
SMS messages
Routines to perform actions on bookings when specific triggers and rules are met
Booking Engine for commission-free online bookings
Simple 2-click booking process
Mobile-friendly booking form
Multi-language
Availability calendar and customizable booking widgets for all web sites
Add packages, promotions, tours, events, extras
Promo and voucher codes
Bookings from Facebook
Wordpress plugin
Flexible price & discount options
Seasonal prices, occupancy based prices, multiple prices with hierarchy, linked prices, gap fillers
Yield optimisation, dynamic prices, price adjustments on a daily basis
Sell different layouts
Account
Agency and multi-property capability
Multi-user with access management
Owner accounts
Hundreds of integrations: lock systems, accounting software and more
Open API
Cloud-based software, no installation, automatic updates, access from anywhere at anytime
Continuous system optimization
Online help and free support
Pay as you go, no contract, no set up fees, no commission, no hidden costs
More about included features
New Feature
Beds24 mobile app - manage your bookings while you are out and about
The Beds24 app is the mobile complement for your Beds24 account which will help you manage your bookings while away from the desk.
Manage bookings
Manage arrivals and departures
API messaging with Airbnb and Booking.com
View availability
Manually add bookings
What customers say about Beds24 channel manager and PMS
...It’s been 4 years since we started using Beds24 and it’s property management system made our day to day activities a lot easier while drastically reducing the workload (probably reduced 3-4h of work a day)...
Gordana apartments barcelona city
...It has a huge range of features that are continually being updated and every time I think 'wouldn't it be great if it could do...' I discover that it either already can, or they can find a way to make it happen...
Martin Page Finca Son Jorbo
... After trying many software and experiencing controversial results we now have a great booking system which delivers exactly what it promises and it is constantly updating with new interesting features. Beds24 offers a degree of flexibility and adaptability that is really hard to find .... We highly recommend Beds24, give it a chance and you will not regret it...
Stefano Greco Relocabroad
...The flexibility and the technical possibilities of Beds24 are simply terrific. With Beds24 even complicated wishes and processes can be achieved...support is extraordinay... we can highly recommend Beds24 to any accommodation business...
Markus Harnau mönchgut living&spa
More testimonials
Professional accommodation management software
Whatever type of property you have - Beds24 has the tools for you.
Vacation rental channel manager
B & B channel manager
Hotel channel manager
Hostel channel manager
Agency and hotel group
Campground
Latest blog post
How to capture mobile bookers
With increasing mobile use, more online bookings are made on mobile devices.
Booking.com’s research shows this trend clearly: 80% of travellers use a mobile app when researching a trip* 50% of accommodation searches and bookings are made on mobile* Mobile rates lead to 28% more ...
Read more
News
Booking.com Premier Partner for the ninth consecutive year
We're delighted to announce that we've been named the 2024 Connectivity Premier Partner of Booking.com. This prestigious recognition underscores our steadfast position as one of Booking.com's leading connectivity providers, combining cutting-edge software with a comprehensive range of products and services.
Messaging Integration with Expedia
Expedia messaging has been added to the Central Inbox. All Beds24 customers can now access messages and communicate with guests who booked via Expedia from the booking in Beds24.
Airbnb Preferred+ Partner
Airbnb’s 2024 list of preferred partners is out and BEDS24 was named a Preferred+ partner. We’re honored to be one of the select few to receive this status as a nod to the quality of service we provide.
Beds24 confirmed as an Expedia Elite Partner and a Vrbo Preferred Partner
Beds24 was again awarded the status of an 'Expedia Elite Partner' and 'Preferred Connectivity Partner' of the Vrbo Group for 2024.
More news
Test now without obligation
Quick setup via property import. No credit card required.
Join NOW
Deutsch
      Professional property managers in over 150 countries rely on Beds24 to manage their hotel, B&B, inn, guest house, holiday home or vacation rental, cottage, hostel, campground, agency or hotel group.
Product
Channel Manager
Property Management System
Payment Processing
Booking Engine
Booking Widgets
Multi-property and Agency functions
Demo
Company
About us
Testimonials & References
Contact
Legal
Privacy
Jobs
Blog
Sitemap
Imprint
Using Beds24
Why Beds24?
Frequently Asked Questions
Getting Started
Become a Partner
Information for Developer
API
System Status
© 2006-2024, Beds24 Channel Manager, PMS and Online Booking System is a trademark owned and operated by Beds24 GmbH
If you continue to browse, we will use cookies that make our site work. For more information please refer to our
 Privacy Policy
.
Accept Cookies