Experts in Insurance.
At Thompson Brothers Insurance, we can offer Commercial and Personal Insurance to our clients in and around Stockport and Greater Manchester.
Get a Quote
About Us
Thompson Brothers was established in 1972, and is a specialist insurance broker focusing on Commercial and Personal Insurance.
Learn more
Personal
Personal Insurance encompasses the protection of your valuable assets, such as your car, house, and travel arrangements.
Learn more
Commercial
Commercial Insurance is a variety of insurance cover specifically designed to protect businesses from potential risks and liabilities.
Learn more
50+ years of experience
Our extensive expertise in the insurance industry ensures that your business, employees, and personal assets are protected against unexpected risks.
Tailored Quotes
With more than 50 years of experience, we specialise in arranging tailored insurance policies that suit our client's specific needs.
• • • •
Request a quote
To discuss the right level of insurance cover for you please fill in our quick and easy 'Get a Quote' Form. Once you have submitted the form, you will be contacted shortly by one of our experienced team members.
Let's get you a quote!
Fill in your information below, and one of the team will be in touch.
Your name
Phone number
Email address
Post Code
What insurance do you require?
When do you need your insurance to start?
Personal
Commercial
Get a Quote
About us
Contact
Blog
111 Wellington Road South
Stockport
Cheshire
SK1 3TH
T: 01614 806 444
E: info@thompsonbrothers.net
Thompson Brothers Insurance Brokers is a trading name of Brown & Brown Insurance Brokers (UK) Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Reference Number 745618). Registered in England & Wales with number 09850559. Registered office: 7th Floor, Corn Exchange, 55 Mark Lane, London, EC3R 7NE.
Terms of Business | Terms of Website use | Privacy Policy & Cookies | Complaints | Modern Slavery Statement
Cookies
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to run our website. Some cookies are strictly necessary. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. By clicking “Reject All”, you agree that no cookies (other than strictly necessary cookies) will be stored on your device. You can manage your cookie preferences and choose the cookies to be stored on your device through the “Cookies Settings” button.
Reject All Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings