Home
About
Services
Recipes
Contact
Book Now
“Never underestimate how powerful food is to show people that you care. It is one of our fundamental needs, alongside love”
- Michele Le Quesne Newton
CULINARY EXPERTISE
Four Seasons Cookery Academy provides businesses with quality food management training, food safety consultancy, and people with the best nutritional advice for optimum health. 
Four Seasons Cookery Academy operates under the skilled guidance of Michele Newton who is an experienced restaurateur and outside caterer, as well as a trained chef assessor, trainer, cookery writer and nutritionist.
Michele specialises in weaning; fussy eaters; special diets and as a professional member of Diabetes UK, Michele gives talks for groups of people with diabetes as well as delivering 'hands-on' cookery demonstrations.
Michele is an exceptional nutritionist and chef. Her expertise, and practical and down-to-earth attitude consistently enables her clients to make long term health behaviour changes that they can maintain for life.
Our Food Hygiene courses are for those involved in the preparation of food. Our courses cover all the basics of food preparation, regulations, precautions and care when preparing food for others. They are designed to meet the requirements of various regulations in food preparation, HACCP and health and safety.
Our courses cover regulations, preparation, storage, infections, cross-contamination, reporting, PPE, date marks, reporting illness and basic first aid in the kitchen. 

Our courses are ideal for all areas of food preparation including manufacturing, retail and catering.
Nutrition Consultation
Food Safety Consultancy
First Aid Training
Food Safety Training
Management Training
Cookery Classes
Read More
Book Now

Find out about professional training - individual and group training are available.
Four Seasons provide companies with professional high quality food training for their staff. 
Contact Us For Support and Advice On Your Personal Nutrition
Good nutrition can help reduce your risk of illnesses and diseases, including heart disease, diabetes, stroke, some cancers, and osteoporosis.
Get Personalised Diabetic Support Tailored to Your Needs
Specialist advice on all aspects of diabetes. No two people with diabetes are the same. So there isn't a one-size-fits-all way of eating for everyone. Contact us for specialist advice. 
Contact us to Book on Our CIEH accredited courses
As an accredited trainer, and centre, for the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health Four Seasons Cookery Academy is qualified to teach food safety, healthy eating and balanced diets.
Four Seasons Cookery Academy,
Address: Gurnard Pines, Cockleton Lane, Cowes, Isle of Wight, England, United Kingdom, PO31 8EX
Tel: +441983 209005  Info: info@cookeryacademy.co.uk
Four Seasons Cookery Academy, Isle of Wight, UK 
 Website Designed and Managed By Colloco Marketing