Skip to content
For a free site survey please call 01709 640042 or email - enquiries@wrssolutions.com
LinkedIn
Twitter




WRS Solutions – Leading Providers of Electronic Security
Whatever your requirements, at WRS we are one of the UK’s leading and most trusted electronic security providers and have the experience, expertise and technical knowledge to ensure that you, your premises and your business are in safe hands, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Our specialist consultancy, installation and maintenance services keep our commercial and industrial customers protected, confident in the knowledge that they are in reliable hands.
Automotive
WRS are providing the latest solutions to a range of automotive organisations and dealerships including the national contract of one of the world’s most exclusive brands.
Food Manufacturing
WRS Solutions work with some of the largest names within the food manufacturing sector. Providing not only bespoke security solutions but implementing our expertise and technology for the purposes of process management and brand protection.
Aerospace & Defence
WRS Solutions look after the needs of many within the aerospace, heavy industrial and top tier comah sectors ensuring the safety and security of the clients assets, buildings and people.


Intruder Alarms
A business, whether big or small, without an intruder alarm is opening up an array of opportunities for crime and theft that will damage your assets
READ MORE
CCTV Systems
Whatever the intended purpose or budget, a security surveillance system can provide an effective and long term solution that prevents, deters and detects.
READ MORE
Access Control
From security and protection purposes to time and attendance management, WRS will create a bespoke access control package based on your personal requirements
READ MORE
Maintenance
The upkeep and maintenance of a system is imperative in ensuring you have a fully functioning and reliable security system on site to keep your business protected.
READ MORE
Automated Gates & Access
From local schools to large production factories, automated gate access can contribute to any array of sites no matter how diverse your specifications might be.
READ MORE
Fire Detection Solutions
The early detection of a fire could not only save lives but your stock and assets too and it is also a compulsory requirement through most insurance companies.
READ MORE
LET'S WORK TOGETHER
We pride ourselves in delivering the highest standard of security to our clients, for more information call 01709 588773
© Copyright 2012 - 2024   |   WRS Solutions   |   All Rights Reserved   |   Privacy Policy
LinkedIn
Twitter