LONDON’S PLACE TO RACE
RACE
Open this Bank holiday
Revolution karting is open this Easter Bank holiday Monday, with our brilliant 3 for 2 offer available on that day. 
Places Are limited so be quick to book.
LONDON’S PLACE TO RACE
Welcome to the ultimate go karting experience in London! Londons most centralised outdoor go kart experience, our electric karts can reach speeds of 40 mph and can rip up the tarmac, they really are the torque of the town (get it!)
With over 20 years experience in go karting and go karting events, we offer a service that will really bring the genuine motorsport experience to your event or day out.  Whether you are an experienced go-karter or a first-timer, our dedicated team are ready to guide you through the twists and turns of our track. So come on down to Revolution Karting- London’s place to race.
ABOUT US
OUTDOOR GO KARTING LONDON AT REVOLUTION KARTING
Revolution Karting is home to Central London’s best outdoor karting track. Based in Mile End on the Central Line our 450m floodlight track can provide speeds in excess of 40 mph making it the fastest track in Central London.
As the most central outdoor go karting venue London has to offer our track is an ideal venue for corporate events, stag events, hen parties, birthday parties, family days out, or even just to get a few laps in to hone your skills as an individual, we will have something for everyone . With our fleet of 36 electric karts also providing more torque and acceleration than any other outdoor go karting London can offer. and with racing starting from £28.50 for two races it’s easily the best value for money. 
Anytime, in any conditions Revolution Karting operates all year long, no matter what the weather. Imagine nailing the perfect first 2 sections of a lap before the heavens open, just the slightest over adjustment on the accelerator…. then skkkkrrr into the tires, these are some of the thrills on offer at Revolution Karting. Want to experience go karting in London then it has to be Revolution Karting.
Here at Revolution Karting we can provide many easy transport routes to and from central London, based only two stops from both Liverpool Street and Canary Wharf. Based on Burdett Road Mile End we are minutes away from some of the nicest beer gardens in east London, allowing you to calm down and settle the Adrenalin after racing at London’s place to race!
LEARN MORE
Email: sales@revolutionkarting.com
Phone: 0207 538 5195
Address: Revolution karting, The arches 422-424 Burdett road, Mile end, London, E3 4AA
Name
Email
Message
Send
Find us on
About us
Karting Offers
Privacy Policy/ Ts&Cs
Frequently Asked Questions
Pricing
social media
Home