Skip to main content
This site uses cookies to deliver and improve our web-site content to provide you with the best possible experience. We use cookies to personalise content, analyse our traffic and also share information about your use of our site with our social media & advertising partners. By clicking "Accept Cookies", you agree to the storing and use of non-essential cookies on your device.
MANAGE COOKIES
ACCEPT COOKIES






SEARCH USED VANS
SEARCH NEW VANS
BOOK A SERVICE, MOT OR REPAIR
FIND A RETAILER
SEARCH NEW VACANCIES
SINCLAIR VANS
THE HOME OF VOLKSWAGEN COMMERCIAL IN CARDIFF & SWANSEA
Welcome to Sinclair Vans, the home for all your Volkswagen Commercial Vehicle needs in Cardiff, Swansea and across South Wales. We provide a wide range of quality Volkswagen commercial vehicles Whether new or used, our range of Volkswagen commercial vehicles are of the highest quality and offer unbeatable value. We deliver an extensive range of motoring solutions, a comprehensive array of services and a team of Volkswagen experts on hand to ensure you get the vehicle that's right for your business and your requirements.
The Sinclair Vans team boast a wealth of experience and expertise. The friendly team is on hand to deal with all of your queries as well as offering  any advice you may need in making the right decision for your needs.
We also have many offers on the new Volkswagen van range. We offer competitive prices on used vans and MOT, Repairs and Services offers tailored on you. Explore the range of products and services available from Sinclair Vans online today or reach out to our expert, friendly teams in Cardiff or Swansea.
ABOUT US
VOLKSWAGEN VANS MODEL RANGE
Previous
Passenger Carriers
Panel Vans
Camper Vans
Next
VOLKSWAGEN VANS
Both our dealerships are founded on an ethos that puts your needs at the top of our priorities. If you’re looking for a commercial vehicle or a van in Swansea or Cardiff, we aim to bring you all the services you could require, right under one roof. Our warm and friendly atmosphere and knowledgeable team will guide you through all your available options, including our Volkswagen van servicing and VW finance specialist services.
Map
Satellite
Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2024 Google
Terms
Report a map error
VOLKSWAGEN VANS OFFERS
OUR APPROVED USED RANGE, WITH PEACE OF MIND AS STANDARD.
Make the most of an additional £250 towards your finance deposit on all Approved Used Volkswagen vehicles *when purchasing with Lease Plan or Solutions PCP through Volkswagen finance at 12.9% APR Representative. (Max term 48 months)
THE GRAND CALIFORNIA – AVAILABLE TO ORDER
The iconic VW Campervan has symbolised freedom & adventure for generations, and the very latest generation, the new Volkswagen Grand California now takes motorhome luxury to levels beyond many holidaymaker’s wildest dreams
ALL-IN FROM VOLKSWAGEN
If your van is aged three to six years, with an engine of 2.0L or less and under 100,000 miles at the point of activation, go All-in and receive 2 services (including one interim service and one full service) 2 MOTs, 2 years’ Warranty and 2 years’ Roadside Assistance for just £34.97 a month over 24 months
1
Follow us
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Tax Strategy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Statement
Modern Slavery Policy
Gender Pay Gap
Director Performance Statutory Duties
Customer Complaints
Contact Us
About Us
© 2024 Sinclair. All Rights Reserved. Sinclair Group is the brand name for all of our limited companies.
Registered in England and Wales
Registered Address: Sinclair Group | Old Field Road | Bocam Park | Pencoed | CF35 5LJ
Registered number: 1192572
Automotive Web Site by Bluesky Interactive
Sinclair Garages Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (ref: 305925). Our other group companies , Sinclair Garages (Bridgend) Limited, Sinclair Garages (Newport) Limited, Sinclair Garages (Cardiff) Limited and Sinclair Garages (Swansea) Limited, are Appointed Representatives of Sinclair Garages Limited. You can check this on the FCA's register by visiting the FCA's website www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register or by contacting the FCA on 0800 111 6768.
Our permitted business is the supply of motor vehicles and associated products and services, including Finance and Insurance. We are a Credit Broker not a Lender. We do not charge for this service but will receive a commission from our finance partners. The nature of the commission is either fixed flat fee or fixed percentage of the balance funded. Neither the commission nor any other associated benefits we receive influences the interest rate or premium you pay.