a
SCHEDULE NOW
M
Home
About Us
Payment Options
Treatment options
Technology
Invisalign
Patient Center
Contact
Weber Orthodontics
210 W Willow, Wheaton IL
Email: info@weberortho.com
Phone: 630-665-5552
Your New Smile Is Waiting!
Your Smile is So Powerful
Let it Shine!
Dr. Robert Weber and our team at Weber Orthodontics are excited to welcome you to our office! Your smile is one of your greatest assets and for most people, a beautiful smile doesn’t come without a little help:). We are smile experts and this is where we can help!
We deliver high-quality, state-of-the-art orthodontic treatment including braces and Invisalign for children, teens and adults in the Wheaton area.
Our goal is to help you achieve the smile you’ll love for the rest of your life.
Meet Dr Robert Weber.
Setting the standard for Orthodontics in Wheaton.
There’s a reason why we believe in “Creating beautiful smiles through experience, integrity and the most advanced technology.” We believe in providing the best care for our patients year after year, it’s why Dr. Robert Weber was named the “Best Orthodontist in Wheaton 2017, 2018, and 2019.” We are dedicated to providing you the best orthodontics in the Wheaton area and Dr. Weber‘s knowledge and expertise are second to none.
MEET DR WEBER
Straighten Your Teeth with the
Top Diamond Plus Provider of Invisalign and Braces in Wheaton!
Children
Your children’s orthodontic care is safe with us. Whether you need an evaluation for your 7-year-old or early treatment with Invisalign, trust Dr. Weber  to provide the best care for your young children. 
Learn More
Teens
Your teen has unique orthodontic needs that coincide with social and activities that require special attention. At Weber orthodontics we focus on providing the best care that meets those unique needs.
Learn More
Adults
It’s never too late to enjoy your best smile. With hi-tech treatments and an amazing orthodontic team, having orthodontic treatment has never been easier.  Now is the time to start smiling!
Learn More
Dr. Weber and his staff did an amazing job fixing my son’s teeth. Very professional and incredibly friendly and accommodating. I highly recommend this office for your orthodontic needs.
Megan B
The staff is extremely friendly and courteous and Dr. Weber took the time to answer questions and explain the treatment process. We would recommend the practice highly. Outstanding overall.
Rachel S
There’s no time like the present!
Our Location
210 W Willow Ave
Wheaton, IL 60187
630.665.5552
Hours
Mon 11 AM – 6 PM
Tues 8:30 AM – 5 PM
Wed 8:30 AM – 3 PM
Thurs 7:30 AM – 4 PM
Let’s Get Social
We love connecting on social media and  look forward to seeing you there!
© PracticeMarketer 2023 All Rights Reserved
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy