Get Your Free Online Health Score
Get Your Online Health Score
Is your marketing delivering the promised results?
Do you know…
what’s working
what’s not
what’s next?
Get Your Free Online Health Report
Is your marketing delivering the promised results?
Do you know…
what’s working
what’s not
what’s next?
Get Your Free Online Health Report
The Only Constant is Change
If you’re a business owner or manager navigating the complex and ever-changing online marketing environment, you don’t need us to tell you that staying agile and current is a necessity – but it can divert you from your actual business.
At Clixx Win, we understand this paradox and grasp the real challenges you face.
Our approach isn’t about lofty theories or ‘the next big thing’ – it’s grounded in practical strategies tailored to your unique business needs, using the appropriate technologies and systems.
We’re here to guide you through the digital maze, but our expertise extends beyond just digital; we’re committed to seizing every opportunity, digital or otherwise – yes, we like phones and print and post – to attract and retain customers amidst stiff competition.
Think of Clixx Win as your hands-on partner, equipped with the knowledge and skills to help you capitalise on digital opportunities without overlooking any other potential avenue for growth.
We can help formulate, plan and action your particular strategy.
Ready to see what you might be missing out on, both online and offline? Let’s talk.
Contact us
How we can help you
Sometimes what we think is the problem is actually a symptom of another problem and that’s what we need to diagnose and solve.
For example, the stated problem is “We’re not getting any leads from our website”
To be frank, it will be a symptom of a poorly performing website and/or marketing campaigns that results in few or no leads.
This is what we’re good at – the forensic look ‘under the bonnet’ to understand what’s working and what’s not.
Below is a prescriptive list of areas where we’ve helped clients overcome challenges and unlock growth opportunities.
Maybe one or two of these scenarios will strike a chord with you, and we can continue the conversation and tailor our approach to your specific needs.
Website Optimisation
Trying to build on poor foundations won’t work.
Website Optimisation for Speed and Usability
No-one wants a slow-loading site!
We optimise your website for better speed and usability to enhance the user experience and search engine presence.
SEO and Search Engine Presence
Mobile Optimisation
Accessibility and User-Friendly Design
Privacy Compliance and Data Security
Reporting and Analytics for Informed Decisions
Building and Growing Your Business
With a well-optimised website, we have the foundation for business growth.
Lead Generation and Customer Acquisition
Quality lead acquisition: Attracting high-value leads for business growth using online Ads.
Innovative street marketing: Capturing public attention in unique ways.
Door-to-door drops: Delivering personalised marketing materials directly.
Targeted database access: Accessing relevant customer databases for targeted marketing.
Brand Building and Engagement
Content Creation and Distribution
Automation, Email, and Process Solutions
What we can help you with
Google Analytics is your key to unlocking website performance insights. It tracks visitor data, traffic sources, and user behaviour, enabling you to tailor marketing strategies and make solid decisions. Spot what works, fix what doesn’t, and boost conversions.
Google Ads is your passport to accessing prime advertising opportunities. You can target specific audiences, optimise ad spend, and track ad performance; identify successful tactics, rectify ineffective ones, and make astute decisions.
Get in touch
Google Search Console helps you understanding search engine performance. It analyses search traffic, enabling you to tweak SEO strategies and make informed decisions. Discover what’s effective, fix what’s not, and get found
Get in touch
With all the data, Close CRM is your compass for navigating customer relationships. It tracks interactions, automates tasks, enabling you to personalise customer approach. Recognise successful strategies, modify less effective ones, and bolster customer retention.
Get in touch
It all begins with a Click….
Just like that.
It begins with a simple click – an intentional action taken on an ad, a social media post, or an email. This action sets in motion events that hopefully will help to get a new lead or customer, but of course it won’t be that straightforward…
Imagine, as your potential clients search for a solution to their problem, they come across your ad. Its compelling message and value proposition intrigue them.
They click; this click leads them to a landing page where you offer solutions tailored to how you can help solve their problem. Here, you collect their contact information and provide valuable information.
Over time, we hope they transition from being a casual visitor to prospective lead, engaged and eager to explore further…but your competitors are also looking for those same prospects.
On the way to becoming your customer, they get side-tracked, distracted and diverted. They click on multiple Ads, read more content and get more information than they possibly need and now they are on another path.
Introducing Clixx Win, the expert on your side with a singular goal – to help you attract, win and retain your customers.
In an increasingly noisy and complicated world of online opportunities, we’ll help you determine what’s right for you and your business.
Contact us
Who Can We Help?
The key to success lies with a clear understanding of where your business stands NOW.
There are four starting positions that we commonly encounter:
No Marketing Presence Yet
Some businesses are just starting, and they lack any substantial online marketing presence. This leaves them virtually invisible in the digital landscape, making it challenging to reach potential customers.
Have Some Degree of Online Presence But Not Sure if It’s Working
Others may have taken initial steps into the online world but are uncertain about the effectiveness of their efforts. They might have a website or social media profiles, but they’re not sure if these are actually driving business growth.
Actively Using Ads and Social Media, but Little to Show
Many businesses are actively investing in advertising and maintaining a social media presence. However, despite their efforts, they see little tangible return on investment, struggling to convert leads into customers.
Winning Business But Struggling to Retain
Some businesses are successful in acquiring new customers but find it challenging to retain them over the long term. Customer churn and attrition become significant obstacles to sustainable growth.
Wherever you are, we can help!
We specialise in tailoring strategies to address each of these scenarios. We work collaboratively with you to build a strong marketing foundation, assess the effectiveness of your current efforts, optimise your online presence, and implement retention strategies that yield results.
It’s about recognizing the roadblocks and obstacles that may lie ahead and having a partner who knows how to navigate them effectively.
LET’S START THE CONVERSATION
Book a Call Today
If you would like to get an idea of how we can help you, or just ask some questions, let’s jump on a short call!
Just pick a date and time that suits you.
10
YEARS GOOGLE PARTNER
£5M+
BUSINESS GENERATED
80+
HAPPY CLIENTS
People we’ve helped
Book a Call
It’s always good to talk. Get your questions answered and decide if we’re a good fit for each other
Book a Call
For further information, and to see how we can help your business please contact us

EMAIL
hello@clixx.win

PHONE
+44 1444 221571

WEBSITE
https://clixx.win
©2024 Clixx Win Ltd. All rights reserved.
Registered in England Company No. 14481927
Registered at Delta House, 16 Bridge Road, Haywards Heath, RH16 1UA
VAT Registration No. 441 8281 96
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service