Skip to Content
CALL NOW 408-356-6033
menu
Cosmetic and Family Dentistry in Los Gatos, CA
CONTACT US
NEW PATIENT SPECIAL
Free Introductory Exam & Complementary X-Ray with Lifetime Teeth Whitening. *
Schedule an Appointment Now
*Some limitations apply
SPRING SPECIAL
$1000 Off Invisalign
Get the beautiful smile you have always wanted!
General Dentistry
Experts in every dental field.
Cosmetic Dentistry
Creating bright, beautiful smiles.
Restorative Dentistry
Repairing and restoring damage teeth to enhance your smile.
Emergency Dentistry
Immediate care and total relief.
Decades of Experience
The Santos Dentistry practice started in 1976 and has been in business for almost five decades. Dr. Aaron Santos has over 15 years of experience since taking over the practice from his father Anthony. The staff at Aaron Santos Dentistry constantly stays up to date with the most up-to-date education and the latest procedures.
Cutting-Edge Technology
Patients receive every dental service they need right here—no referrals. Our practice is outfitted with the latest and greatest technology and procedures. We are a truly modern dental practice.
Dedicated Patient Service
From beginning to end, we welcome patients and invite them to partake in developing their treatment plans. We are committed to formulating personalized solutions for each patient.
Safety and Accountability
Inspectors conduct routine and exhaustive evaluations of our staff, equipment, and cleanliness. We are measured against the strictest safety standards and guidelines and meet them seamlessly.
HEPA Air Purification System
The office of Aaron Santos DDS invested in a state-of-the-art long-life HEPA (High-efficiency Particulate Air) filter system. Our HEPA filter air purification system is built with effective and proven healthcare-grade components that clean air by eliminating 99.99% of potentially harmful contaminates.
Testimonials
Always a great experience at Aaron A. Santos DDS. The staff is very friendly and care about their patients. My care is always top notch. Would recommend to anyone looking for quality dental care.
Andrew
Dr. Santos is an amazing dentist! I am the guy that needed gas just for x-rays. Aaron and his staff have made those days and fears a thing of the past. He is great about explaining what he will be doing and what to expect during the process. I wouldn't use anyone else for my dental needs.
Harry M.
1
2
3
4
5





Aaron A Santos DDS
We provide special equipment, and treatments, and comprise dentists with years of practice and experience providing care for your family’s oral health at our family dentistry in Los Gatos, CA.
Emergency Dental Services Available
CONTACT US
Business Details
Address:14529 South Bascom Ave, Los Gatos, CA 95032
Call us today:
Phone: 408-356-6033
Hours of Operation:
Mon – Thur: 08:00 AM – 05:00 PM
Fri: By Appointment Only
Quick Links
Home
About Us
General Dentistry
Emergency Dentistry
FAQ
Financing
© 2024 Aaron A Santos DDS. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap