Skip to main content


Kitchen Products & Sales - 0121 561 4245 | Decorative Surfaces - 0121 561 3939 | Phone lines are open 8:00am - 5:30pm Mon to Fri
CUSTOM WORKTOP CALCULATOR
ADVANCED SEARCH TOOL
ONLINE TRADE REGISTRATION
MY BASKET
TRADE SIGN IN
Product Categories
Free Delivery
Within our standard delivery areas, delivery is free*.  
*Average monthly spend of £500 required.
Delivery Cut-Off
3pm the working day prior to delivery.
Open Hours
Sales Office: 8am-5:30pm 
Trade Collections: 8am-4pm
Showroom: 8am - 4pm (Closed for lunch 12.30 - 1.30)
Dedicated Sales Staff
Kitchen Sales: 0121 561 4245
Sheet Sales: 0121 561 3939
Worktops
Solid Surfaces
Porcelain Surfaces
Laminates and Compacts
Wall Panels
Acrylic Glass
Sinks and Taps
Appliances
Flooring
Accessories

Blackheath Products Limited
With over 60 years of trading experience, Blackheath Products is a leading trade only supplier to the construction and furniture industries in the UK including solid surface fabricators, kitchen fitters, laminate fabricators and many more.
This includes solid surface fabricators, furniture manufacturers, shop fitters, specialist laminate fabricators, kitchen manufacturers, builders merchants and retailers. Our range of products include solid surfacing and decorative surfaces as well as kitchen and bathroom products, lighting, flooring, power tools and accessories.
Blackheath Products is centrally located in the West Midlands and offers free, next day delivery to many parts of the UK.
Read more about us here...
Sign up to receive marketing updates from Blackheath Products
First Name
Email
Company Type
Select company type
Architecture
Interior design
Quantity surveyor
Property developer
Fabricator
Shopfitter
Exhibition contractor
Kitchen dealer
Bathroom dealer
Student
Editor
Other
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP
Affiliate Sites
Useful Links
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Conditions of Sale
Accessibility
Environmental Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
T: 0121 561 4245
F: 0800 634 0113
sales@blackheathproducts.co.uk
Opening Times
Trade Counter 9am - 4pm
Sales Office 8:00am - 5:30pm
Monday to Friday
Our Socials

Affiliate Socials
© Blackheath Products Limited 2024 Registered in England 597879
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
For more information, please see our cookie policy
(Opens in a new window)
External Link Icon
I AcceptI Do Not Accept
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Analytical Cookies
Analytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Show vendors within this category
Analytical Cookies
On
Off
Marketing Cookies
We use marketing cookies to help us improve the relevancy of advertising campaigns you receive.
Show vendors within this category
Marketing Cookies
On
Off
Functionality
We use a Twitter timeline embed widget which may set third party cookies for personalisation, analytics or advertising.
Show vendors within this category
Functionality
On
Off
Cookie Control