The Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders strives to protect the American Dream in Central Alabama for housing opportunities for all, while working to promote professional success for its members who build, remodel, and maintain communities, create jobs and improve our local economy.
CONSUMERS
MEMBERS
EVENTS
JOIN OUR ASSOCIATION
HIRE A MEMBER
MEMBERSHIP PORTAL
GBAHB's mission is to advocate for the home building industry by promoting professionalism and developing community through quality-built homes.
Member Services
Join, renew your membership, pay invoices and register for upcoming events today. Members of the GBAHB enjoy networking events, educational opportunities, and the benefits of tireless advocacy on local, state, and national levels.
Join Our Association
Member Services Portal
EFT 2023 Scholarship Application
Members in the News
Talk of Alabama | Greater Bham Assoc. of Homebuilders 2023
by Crystal Gray | ABC33/40 | February 23rd 2023
Builders, at times, get painted in a bad light, but we are good guys. The Greater Birmingham Association of Homebuilder's helps fight for the American Dream and make sure you have a choice in building your dream home.
read the full article
Alabama Builder Elected Chairman of NAHB
By Elizabeth Thompson, National Association of Home Builders Feb 2, 2024
The Home Builders Association of Alabama is proud to announce the installation of Alicia Huey of Birmingham as the 2023 Chairman for the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB)!
read the full article
Additional Mentions
Huey named chairman of the National Association of Home Builders - Birmingham Business Journal
Eye On Housing
Labor Market Softens in April
May 03rd 2024 : Job growth slowed in April and the unemployment rate increased to suggesting a cooling labor market after a strong start to the year Additionally wage growth continued to slow In April wages grew at a year-over-year YOY growth rate down percentage points from a year ago It marks the lowest YOY wage ...
read full article
States with Highest and Fastest Rising Construction Wages, 2024
May 02nd 2024 : Reflecting persistent long-term labor challenges wages in construction continue to rise often outpacing and exceeding typical earnings in other industries Not seasonally adjusted NSA average hourly earnings AHE in construction increased since a year ago and approached the mark in March according to the latest Current Employment Statistics CES report from the ...
read full article
Fed on Hold with Limited Inflation Progress
May 01st 2024 : The Federal Reserve s monetary policy committee held constant the federal funds rate constant at a top target of at the conclusion of its April-May meeting In its statement the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC noted Recent indicators suggest that economic activity has continued to expand at a solid pace Job gains have remained strong ...
read full article
Private Residential Construction Spending Dips in March
May 01st 2024 : NAHB analysis of Census data shows that private residential construction spending was down in March after increasing in February It stood at a seasonally adjusted annual pace of billion Spending on single-family construction dropped in March This is the first monthly decline after ten straight months of gains as elevated mortgage ...
read full article
Large Decline for Open Construction Jobs in March
May 01st 2024 : Due to tightened monetary policy the count of total job openings for the entire economy has trended lower over the last year This is consistent with a somewhat cooler economy that is a positive sign for future inflation readings However the number of open jobs for the aggregate economy was relatively unchanged in March per ...
read full article
Home Prices Continue to Rise for February
Apr 30th 2024 : The S P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U S National Home Price Index HPI reported by S P Dow Jones Indices rose at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of for February This was following an adjusted rate for January This marks the fourth consecutive monthly rate increase from November On a year-over-year basis the S P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U S ...
read full article
Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders
5000 Grantswood Road, Suite 240
Birmingham, AL 35210
205-912-7000 Phone
The Greater Birmingham Association of Home Builders (GBAHB) is part of a federation with the Home Builders Association of Alabama and the National Association of Home Builders. This means when you become a GBAHB member, you will also enjoy the benefits of the state and national associations.
Member Services
Join, renew your membership, pay invoices and register for upcoming events today. Members of the GBAHB enjoy networking events, educational opportunities, and the benefits of tireless advocacy on local, state, and national levels.
Join Our Association
Pay Here
Member Services Portal
© 2024 Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions| Contact Us
Burton Advertising