ACCOMMODATION
24 HOUR CARE
RESPITE CARE
CARE VALUES
FOOD
ACTIVITIES
STAFF
TESTIMONIALS
CONTACT US
CALL US NOW ON
07807 42 42 28
TO ENQUIRE
Chestnut Residential Care Home
Chestnut Residential Care Home is a small care home in Gloucester and provides high standards of personal care in a friendly and homely setting.
If you are looking for residential care including dementia care or respite care, you will find a warm welcome waiting for you. We can help you make a decision that suits you best and support you all the way through.
Caring
We develop an individual care plan for our residents and make a note of personal preferences of each resident.
Committed
We provide excellent standards of personal care and residential care to create a happy place for our residents to stay.
Well-trained
We carefully select our staff for their desire and ability to care for the elderly. We continually invest in their on-going training.
According to the Care Quality Commission (CQC) size matters in care homes with small doing better than large.
Generally smaller services that are designed to care for fewer people were rated better than larger services.
Accommodation




Full-time 24 Hour Care
Full Time 24 Hour Residential Care Service
Whether you are looking for full time (24 hour) residential care including dementia care or just a period of respite care, you will find a warm welcome waiting for you at Chestnut Care.

We develop an individualised care plan and make a note of personal preferences of each resident. This ensures every person has a say on the care they receive and the activities they participate in.

To help us improve our residential care further, we also encourage regular feedback from residents, relatives and other professionals and continually review our practices.

Chestnut Care has successfully completed a Quality Assurance review carried out by the Care Quality Commission (June 2019) and was able to demonstrate the good quality of service provided by the home.
Respite Care
Short-term stay
A period of respite at Chestnut Care for a loved one will provide a welcome break for a relative or carer. We also provide respite care for people who need convalescing after discharge from hospital. If, after respite, you wish to stay longer term, this can be arranged.
Care Values
High Standards Of Personal Care
Residents are involved in planning their own care which recognises their individual needs and rights to privacy, dignity, choice, respect and fulfilment.

Our mission is to meet the needs of our residents by making a positive difference in their lives in delivering high standards of personal care with quality accommodation and support services.

Our assessment criteria ensure that the individual’s needs will be met and a resident is encouraged to have a trial period to decide if Chestnut Care is the right choice.
Food
Freshly Prepared And Nutritious Food
We understand how important the food that we serve is tasty and a balanced nutrition.

Our meals are freshly prepared and nutritious and we offer choices and will always endeavour to fulfil a specific request.

We also cater for special dietary needs.
Staff
Qualified And Experienced Care Home Staff
Our qualified and experienced staff are carefully selected for their desire and ability to care for the elderly.

They provide excellent standards of personal and residential care to create a happy place for our residents to stay.
Activities
Encouraging Residents To Keep Active
Residents are given every opportunity and the encouragement to follow hobbies and share interest in new ones. The care home offers a wide range of activities designated to encourage residents to keep active and most importantly an interest in life.

Chestnut Care makes every effort to enable residents to follow or attend religious services if they so wish.

Families and friends of residents are welcome to visit at any reasonable time or take a resident out for the day if they prefer.
Testimonials
A bright and warm welcome by staff when dropping off, picking up, or on the phone. Attends to mothers needs in a polite manner. Mother visits daily for respite and other residents all look well presented and cared for by all the staff.

My mother only used to go two days, but by her own choice goes most days now, so that really speaks for itself.
Tracy S
Daughter of Resident






















Get In Touch
Visit us and experience first-hand how Chestnut Residential Care Home provides high standards of personal care in friendly and homely setting.
Address
20 Podsmead Road, Gloucester, GL1 5PA
Give us a ring
Bibi Junglee (Care Manager)
07807 424228
Contact Form
Name *
Email *
Phone
Message *
SEND
CQC Registered
Chestnut Residential Care Home
CQC overall rating
Good
26 June 2019
See the report

Nazdak Ltd Small Carehome In Gloucester Provide Quality Residential Care For The Elderly
© Copyright Chestnut Residential Care Home 2019