Home
Our Services
Our Work
About
Contact
WE’RE WEBSITE DESIGN & MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT EXPERTS
We offers a complete web design and development service. We provide the know-how to deliver comprehensive web solutions to clients across a wide range of sectors.
From website design, WordPress development, eCommerce, content management systems and intranets, to mobile applications and responsive website design, you can rest assured that your website will be created with care and expertise.
OUR SERVICES
We cover all aspects of website and mobile app development – from design and build through to production of fully bespoke solutions.
Website Design
We offer simple, affordable web design and development packages for any size businesses.
LEARN MORE
Website Development
We're a highly knowledgeable web design company with over 25 years expertise in web development.
LEARN MORE
Mobile App Development
We build apps for iOS and Android mobile platforms, and multi-platform responsive websites for the small screen.
LEARN MORE
WordPress Development
We’re a WordPress specialist with over 13 years WordPress design, development and support experience.
LEARN MORE
"I am so pleased with the results delivered by the Dizzy Squirrel team.

It makes such a change to work with a company that made the effort to understand our business, and I look forward to continuing our relationship as we expand our services."
Laura Proctor
Laura’s Hair and Beauty
OUR WORK
We deliver affordable website solutions that work for our clients and their customers.
VIEW OUR WORK
To find out more about our services and how we can help you please call us on 01722 658100

You can also use our contact form and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible
CONTACT US

 01722 658 100
 enquiries@dizzysquirrel.com
 Enquiry form
Registered Number: 08289439
Our Services
Website Design
Website Development
Mobile App Development
WordPress Development
WordPress Theme Design
WordPress Plugin Development
WordPress Support
Office Address
Dizzy Squirrel Limited
24 Dunley Way
Salisbury
Wiltshire
SP1 3GW

© Copyright 2024 - Dizzy Squirrel Limited
Home
About
News
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All