Making Learning About Money Serious Fun!
Navigation
The Financial Fairy Tales
Learning Before Earning
Teaching Children the Real Value of Money
ENJOYED IN OVER
0
COUNTRIES
BENEFITTING CHILDREN
0
SCHOOLS WORLDWIDE
OVER
0
COPIES SOLD
The Books
The Financial Fairy Tales are a series of inspirational children’s books which make learning about money serious fun!
Whilst teaching values, habits, tools and skills for financial success, The Financial Fairy Tales help your children learn about money and sow the seeds of wealth creation.
Your kids will love following the adventures in these beautifully illustrated stories. As a parent, you will feel more confident as they learn essential and empowering messages about money and life.
All books available at Amazon
Buy now from Amazon
Benefits
Testimonials
What are people saying about
The Financial Fairy Tales?
“The Financial Fairy Tales are a marvelous introduction to ideas around business and money. Helping children find their true purpose and passion in life.”
Janet Bray Attwood
(NY Times bestselling author 'The Passion Test')
“An important addition to any child’s library for it teaches about possibilities for him or her to live their dreams and how to do it. Right within the pages of this beautifully illustrated book any child will be inspired and motivated to share his or her talents and prosper.”
Dr Terry Cole-Whittaker (Best-selling author)
“The Financial Fairy Tales series of stories have a wonderfully magical way of presenting children an opportunity to explore the make believe world of fairy tales while gently weaving in real life-long lessons of making personally responsible financial decisions. The stories will be an integral part of my financial literacy lessons.”
Martha Staten (Elementary Educator, Tucson, Arizona)
“The Financial Fairy Tales are a fun and informative way to deliver positive messages to even the youngest of children. They have become a valuable resource for teaching important lessons about monetary value.”
Rebecca Jones
(Nursery Manager Bournemouth, UK)
“There have been all sorts of suggestions about what kind of financial education should be introduced. One of the most engaging – and unique – ones I’ve come across is a simple book, Dreams can Come True.”
Sarah Ebner
(The Times)
“It’s never too early to start learning about money, business and enterprise. The Financial Fairy Tales make a great introduction to the values and principles needed to create a successful life.”
Brian Tracy
(Best-selling author, business and personal development leader)
“The Financial Fairy Tales are a marvelous introduction to ideas around business and money. Helping children find their true purpose and passion in life.”
Janet Bray Attwood
(NY Times bestselling author 'The Passion Test')
“An important addition to any child’s library for it teaches about possibilities for him or her to live their dreams and how to do it. Right within the pages of this beautifully illustrated book any child will be inspired and motivated to share his or her talents and prosper.”
Dr Terry Cole-Whittaker (Best-selling author)
For Schools
Our financial education teaching resources have been designed to help you deliver exciting, interactive lessons, making learning about money serious fun. They focus on important money values as well as the practical tools and ideas such as saving, borrowing and investment.
‘The Financial Fairy Tales’ are suitable for use as standalone materials or as part of Maths or PSHE at Key Stage 1 or Key Stage 2 (age 5-11).
You can request a free sample by adding your details to the form on the right.
Request Your Free Sample
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name
Book Synopsis
All books available at Amazon
Buy now from Amazon
About the Author
The Financial Fairy Tales is the concept of Daniel Britton, UK-based author, educator and speaker.
” I feel so strongly in giving people the tools and beliefs to gain more freedom through better choices ”
Daniel spent his early career in banking and financial services before 20 years as a teacher and school leader. Recently he has specialised as an education consultant, writer and speaker on money matters. In 2013 he was awarded National Enterprise Tutor of the Year by The Peter Jones Foundation.
Daniel is available for speaking to corporate, education or parent audiences.
Enquire about booking Daniel
Sharing is Caring!
BOOKS BENEFITS TESTIMONIALS FOR SCHOOLS THE AUTHOR BLOG CONTACT US
Copyright © By Daniel Britton of www.thefinancialfairytales.com 2010-18
All Rights Reserved, Worldwide