';
+602-540-0128erik@barmarketingbasics.com
Login on site
Pricing Levels and Options
Scan your Restaurant or Bar
Marketing Video How-to's
Order my books on Amazon
Our published articles
I asked the public- Poll results
Get the “RESTAURANT & BAR MARKETING” series
now available on Amazon!
1
THE 'EXPERTS' ARE LYING TO YOU!
A REAL, RAW AND RELEVANT LOOK INTO RESTAURANT MARKETING AND THE MYTHS THAT FOLLOW
Uncover the truth behind common marketing myths that may be hindering your success and discover proven tactics that genuinely attract new customers to your establishment. Whether you’re a seasoned restaurateur or a budding entrepreneur in the food and beverage industry, this series provides actionable insights to elevate your marketing strategies.
Order on Amazon
2
THE 'EXPERTS' ARE STILL LYING TO YOU!
START THINKING LIKE A CONSUMER AND NOT A BUSINESS OWNER
Navigate the digital landscape effectively and optimize your online presence with Google and SEO-friendly approaches. Elevate your business with real-world advice that transforms challenges into opportunities, ensuring your restaurant thrives in the competitive market. Embrace a new era of marketing wisdom and set your establishment on the path to sustained success.
Order on Amazon
3
LEARN FROM THE BEST IN THE INDUSTRY
SEE HOW THE TOP RESTAURATEURS USE THE MOST MIND-BLOWING PRESENTATIONS FOR AN INSTRGRAM WORTHY EXPERIENCE
Discover the game-changing strategies in ‘Restaurant & Bar Marketing,’ a comprehensive book series authored by the experienced marketer, Erik Shellenberger. Unravel the truth behind restaurant marketing as we debunk common myths and guide you through proven tactics that genuinely attract new customers to your establishment. 
Order on Amazon
4
DOMINATE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
AI AND CHAT GPT EXAPLINED IN EASY TO UNDERTAND TERMS INCLUDING A WALK-THROUGH OF HOW TO IMPLEMENT THESE TOOLS
Leverage the amazing world of AI and use tools that weren’t even possible just a few short years ago. Now creating marketing plans, search engine friendly copy, descriptions, and keywords have become so simple that anyone can knock this out easily, if you know the tricks.
Order on Amazon
Video Blog
Boost Your Restaurant’s Success with AI Marketing Strategies | ChatGPT Tutorial
Ready to take your restaurant to the next level? Learn the first steps of AI-powered marketing with this step-by-step tutorial! In this video, we’ll show you how to leverage the
More
SHARE
Product Review
H-Proof hangover relief – prevent a hangover & cure a hangover
  I’ve been testing H-Proof hangover relief for about 6 months and I’m here to tell you, this shit works!  Just to be clear, I don’t know anyone at H-Proof
More
SHARE
Product Review
Hang On Hangover Relief
Hang On Hangover Relief I’m always in the market for a good hangover remedy, especially here in my old age. This is the first product that I’m aware of that
More
SHARE
How does YOUR business look online?
Get a free report on how search engines like Google,  GPS maps,  online maps and directories see your business!   Your online reputation (Yelp, Google ratings, Facebook reviews and Tripadvisor) is the second most important factor to driving new traffic into your business next to word of mouth,  I’ll show you how to improve your star ratings and public perception.  Request your free report now!
How does YOUR online visibility rank?
Find out how not only Google but 75 other directories see your business.
Name
Email
Business Name
Website
How did you hear about us?
Facebook
Instagram
Email Blast
The "Restaurant & Bar Marketing" book
The "Restaurant & Bar Marketing II - Hacking Human Nature" book
Word of Mouth
Google
Podcast
Youtube
Bar Business Magazine
Nightclub & Bar Convention
LEVERAGE THE TOP 2 CONTROLLABLE FACTORS THAT DRIVE BUSINESS
SEACH ENGINES AND ONLINE REVIEW SITES
SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION
Get found online BEFORE your competitors do!
$349
month
Learn more
100% MEASURABLE results!!
Get found FIRST on Google,  Siri/ Alexa/ Google assistant, GPS maps in the newest cars and other online resources,  maps and directories.  Optimize how your customers see your business and get as visible as possible online!
A MUST for a tourist based market!
Rank at the top of Google results for keywords like “Bars” or “Restaurants” near me.
Be among the top results in Siri/ Alexa/ Google assistant and other voice command products.
Send “suggested edits” and “Google Local Guide” suggestions to moderation to assure accuracy.
 Find and suppress any duplicate profiles blocking you from ranking well.
Make sure your map pin marker location is accurate on all online maps including Uber and Lyft.
Get visible in the GPS systems installed in all new cars.
We NEVER lock you into a contract, cancel anytime.
 
All work is done by Bar Marketing Basics inside the USA.  No outsourcing ever.
REPUTATION MANAGEMENT
Don't allow a one-sided conversation!
$349
month
Learn more
Ignoring your online reviews is costing you
Nearly 20% of consumers say they won’t frequent small businesses that don’t respond to comments on online reviews.  Chances are you simply don’t have the time.  That’s where we come in and do the work on your behalf.
Don’t let the one-sided conversation continue!
We respond on your behalf for ALL reviews on Yelp, Google, Tripadvisor and Facebook.
Your fans are thanked and negative reviews are addressed PUBLICLY not privately so the public knows we take concerns seriously.
We flag any negative reviews that can potentially be removed because of a terms and conditions violation.
Reviews responded to within 24 hours.
Our team coordinates closely with our contact on your end to bring up issues right when they occur.
We NEVER lock you into a contract, cancel anytime.
 
All work is done by Bar Marketing Basics inside the USA.  No outsourcing ever.
SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION AND REPUTATION MANAGEMENT
Get both services and save a ton!
$499
month
Learn more
You can’t measure the customers who never walk through your door
Your online reputation greatly effects your search engine visibility so pairing these 2 services is a no-brainer.  Dominate the top 2 controllable factors that bring NEW people through the door of your restaurant or bar.
Start increasing guest counts today!
All 
Take control of your online presence and get your brand in front of the undecided customer looking for you!
Greatly improve guest counts and expand your brand visibility outside of your social media “fishbowls”.
An absolute MUST for any tourist economy.
Search engine results are 100% measurable including the holy grail “Get Directions” metric.
Work personally with Erik and Amy, no playing phone tag or wait times for anything.
No contracts EVER, cancel anytime.
All work is done by Bar Marketing Basics inside the USA.  No outsourcing ever.
Reputation Management and SEO for Bars & Restaurants
The “Experts” are lying to you
A real, raw and relevant look at the reality of Restaurant Marketing in today’s noisy online world. Learn why social media marketing has lost its effectiveness over the years and how content marketing can give you a simple, much-needed edge. Master the Fishbowl vs. the Ocean concept and start increasing guest counts where the NEW customers are – Google, Tripadvisor and Yelp. NOT social media. Do not listen to the “one size fits all” social media people who put their own best interests ahead of your restaurant’s success. Learn from my decade of corporate Restaurant Marketing experience and my knowledge gained by simply ASKING the public how they decide where to eat and drink instead of guessing.
MISINFORMATION CAN COST YOUR COMPANY THOUSANDS
Furthermore he marketing status quo of today is shockingly flawed which is costing your business money. Living a lifetime in the trenches from dishwasher to corporate marketing director and everything in between, I’ve learned a few things about human nature and why we have to adapt and pivot instead of refusing to evolve.
THIS is how to improve guest counts and run a successful bar or restaurant.
Today’s “Restaurant Marketing Expert” is running increasingly low on the “Expert” part. Now more than ever, large corporate restaurant marketing teams rely on expensive social media campaigns and flashy-looking visual presentations. All of which will be seen by an decreasing number of potential customers. These marketing departments often can’t differentiate between what works for them personally, and what will make your restaurant succeed. The marketing approach for a nightclub with a younger demographic is totally different for a casual restaurant or for fine dining. Yet we all use the same generic “plug-and-play” social media marketing approach used over and over in the most hilariously misused way possible.
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING IS A THING OF THE PAST
Restaurant Marketing and Marketing Strategies in general have come a long way since the internet was invented. What worked a decade ago is laughable today. What worked last year is probably pretty worthless today. If your business is in a tourist-heavy environment yet your marketing approach is based in social media and not SEO (Search engine optimization) then I can promise you, your money is being wasted. Can your customers find you from Facebook if they haven’t ever heard of you? Can they see your clever Instagram posts if they have no idea you exist? More than ever tourists and people looking to make a “right here, right now” purchase primarily use 3 online tools – Google, Tripadvisor and Yelp. Reputation Management and SEO for Bars & Restaurants is your best tool for situations like this.
MEASURE YOUR MARKETING CAMPAIGN SUCCESS
In this book, I cut out all of the noise and BS of traditional Restaurant Marketing approaches and narrow it down to what works. To what we can measure and prove. To what actually brings in a positive ROI and helps improve your business and grow your guest counts. Take it from a former employee and Corporate Marketing Director who was forced to implement ridiculous Restaurant Marketing campaigns with zero accountability and zero proven success rates. I’m well versed in what doesn’t work and I’ve seen hundreds of thousands of dollars wasted in the name of Restaurant Promotions over the years. Don’t make these same mistakes and keep your money where it belongs – in your bank account.
ANYONE CAN DO IT
Moreover, this advice is an extremely easy read and digest. I don’t try to sound pseudo-educated by deliberately talking over someone’s head like some stuffy board-room sales-pitch. I’m only concerned about one thing – to bring more customers into your restaurant or bar. I cut out the nonsense and overthought ideas and make implementing your own Restaurant Marketing Strategy so easy that anyone can do it. No fancy degree or college intern needed.
Pick up a copy of my 2nd book Restaurant & Bar Marketing II – Hacking Human Nature on Amazon here.
Start thinking like a consumer and succeed like a pro!
Picture a room full of people all taking a test that nobody studied for. Everyone is copying off of each other’s paper, so we end up with a bunch of different versions of the wrong answer. Everyone assumes their neighbor knows more than they do, but it turns out everyone is shockingly uneducated.
WOULD YOUR BUSINESS SCORE A DATE?
This is the reality of today’s restaurant and bar “marketing expert”. In today’s visual online world, presentation and aesthetics are more important than ever. If your business’s online presence was a Tinder profile, would you score a date? Or would you continue to live through endless uneventful weekends?
THE THREE COMMON SENSE SEARCH PLATFORMS
Google, Yelp, and TripAdvisor are often the consumer’s first impression of your brand, especially in a tourist economy.  Reputation Management and SEO for Bars & Restaurants is the factor that is usually missing in most restaurant’s marketing approach.  Is your business dominating your competition, or have you not addressed your search engine ranking because you “show up” if you Google your own business? Good enough, right? Not even close. What works for your competitor’s brand could be worthless for yours.
Stop the copy/paste madness and create your own plan on your own terms!
Quick Reference Pages
4 Walls Marketing
Activation
Bar and Restaurant Product Reviews
Bar Marketing Basics | Reputation Management and SEO for Bars & Restaurants
Database Building
Everything Else
Google Success – Get Your Restaurant Found on Google
Guest Podcasts & Interviews | Restaurant Marketing Trends
Hacking Human Nature
Locations
Los Angeles Office
Marketing Tips Video Blog
Online Review Success
Our Published Articles
Our Team
Podcast Episodes – 86’d – Stories from the Bar
Pre-order Book III now!!
Pricing and Options
Public Polls
Recommended Reading
Reputation Management
Restaurant and bar services
Scan your restaurant or bar
Scottsdale Office
Social media for bars & restaurants
Social Networking
Think like an Owner
Website Design
Word of mouth marketing
Meet Erik Shellenberger – Bar and Restaurant Consultant
My name is Erik Shellenberger and I’ve been in the restaurant industry since I was 13 years old working for the food and beverage dept. of a local ski resort that my mother controlled.   I’ve been in the bar and restaurant marketing business for a decade and have mastered every skill associated with marketing bars and restaurants.  I’ve been a graphic designer and a web designer for almost 10 years, I’ve been in charge of social media and networking almost as long.  After years of research, Reputation Management and SEO for Bars & Restaurants is what I now focus on.
I’ve acted as a one-man marketing dept. for a chain of Country themed bar/ restaurants with 13 locations.  I have created and headed up promotional approaches for some of the top performing nightclubs and bars in the Old Town Scottsdale Entertainment District.
MY SECRET TO RESTAURANT & BAR SUCCESS
Reputation Management and SEO for Bars and Restaurants is key these days to driving traffic.  Learn my secret of the guest count traffic pie chart and how to harness the power of reputation management, SEO and word of mouth.  Learn how to no longer “hate” review sites like Yelp but to use them to your advantage.  Dominate your competition in search engines and make sure your business is correct and relevant on mapping systems, GPS in the newer cars, and of course search engines like Google.
I’ve appeared on several podcasts recently sharing my message and helping as many people as want to learn.  My message of “Help others by being RUTHLESSLY self-serving” is one not to be missed!  My passion is helping other people and businesses succeed which is by default, self-serving.
-Erik Shellenberger
Our Team
Pre-order Book III now!!
Pricing and Options
Public Polls
Restaurant and bar services
Scan your restaurant or bar
Scottsdale Office
Think like an Owner
Hang On Hangover Relief
The Future of Online Review Sites in 2019
Instagram algorithm changes 2018
© 2024 Bar Marketing Basics. No material may be used or distributed without permission. All rights reserved.