Daymer Ingredients
About
Ingredients
Partnerships
News
Contact
LinkedIn
Instagram
X
WhatsApp
web@daymer.com
small changes make big differences
sustainable, future ready ingredients for food producers and independent bakers
Bake
From spent grain flour for sustainable artisan and fibre enrichment, to starches for plant-based creams and fillings – we have bakery ingredients that deliver genuine points of difference
Cook
Helping customers scale from bench to factory with ingredient selection that works – starches, fibres, proteins and malt extracts that add colour and flavour. Flours that boost nutrition and health claims
Texture
Texturising food products requires good food science – let our technologists guide you through our ingredient options including gums, starches, flours and fibres all designed to bind and texture end products
Our people
“
I have been working for Daymer for 8 years. Our dedication to people shines through – from team members to customers to supply partners. We prioritise swift responses to every enquiry, sample or price request ensuring needs are met promptly. ”
Jennifer Clarke, Business Development Manager
LinkedIn
“
Daymer has a one team approach and quality is no exception. A strong culture of quality and food safety are fundamental to who we are and what we do.”
Michael Johnson, Quality Assurance Director
LinkedIn
Recent Articles
Read More
April 28, 2024
Every Grain Counts
Marta Benedet, Key Account Manager at our supply partner, Again writes: In our pursuit of a sustainable and resilient future, it’s imperative to harness innovative solutions that minimize waste and maximize resources. 🌍✨ One such remarkable approach is incorporating upcycled ingredients into our products, a concept that echoes our mantra at Agrain by Circular Food…
March 19, 2024
Supplant gain patent for preparing Chickpea Flour
Supplant Foods LLP Secures Landmark Agricultural Process Patent, Revolutionizing Industry Practices Pune, March 12, 2024 – Supplant Foods LLP, a pioneer in agricultural innovation, proudly announces the successful award of a groundbreaking patent that is set to transform the processing of chickpeas to open up new applications for this crop. This landmark achievement represents a…
February 28, 2024
Congratulations Agrain!
Congratulations to our supply partner Agrain by Circular Food Technology for making it onto the 2023 FoodTech 500 list by Forward Fooding. This prestigious recognition celebrates innovative companies at the intersection of food, technology, and sustainability. Agrain flour is a functional ingredient made from upcycled brewers’ spent grain that promises to enhance the culinary value…
February 1, 2024
Senson Umami – now in powder format
Our supply partners like Senson relish a challenge! The Umami Bean is a perfect fit for innovation and developing new, interesting recipes using plant based ingredients. Just like the Senson Umami Liquid Bean, the Dry Bean is a 100% natural, plant-based extract made from pure faba beans. Faba beans brings added nutritional benefits naturally and…
January 24, 2024
Agrain x Daymer Partnership
Agrain announces strategic partnership with Daymer Ingredients as exclusive distributor in the UK Agrain, a pioneer in sustainable and nutritious food ingredients solutions, announce a strategic B2B partnership with Daymer Ingredients, a leading UK ingredient distribution company. This alliance marks a significant milestone for Agrain as it extends its footprint into the United Kingdom, focusing…
December 19, 2023
Koopmans Fryless® – now in UK
Daymer now offer Fryless from Royal Koopmans With our FryLess® Oven System, Koopmans Foodcoatings offers a total solution for creating crispy, tasty and low fat products. In combination with Koopmans breadcrumbs optimal taste and crunchiness can be created. The Koopmans FryLess® Oven System is unique due to: For more information, samples or to discuss coating…
November 7, 2023
CreaSplend – new generation gluten free baking
In a statement from our Supply Partner, CreaFill: The demand for gluten-free products continues to grow rapidly while the quality of the products offered has not. Even though only 1% of the population has actually been diagnosed as coeliac, market reports continue to forecast a strong growth for this industry for years to come. Formulating…
Ingredients that work as they should
email us
Blog at WordPress.com.