01895 238444
COMMERCIAL BUILDING & MAINTENANCE SPECIALISTS
Commercial building services and maintenance company covering an area in England from the Midlands down to the south coast
Contact Us
Property Refurbishment
Change of use | Remodelling | High specification refurbishment
Specialist in Working for the NHS
Build to specification from supplied design | Fulfil the role of main contractor
Maintenance & Facilities Management
We offer two types of maintenance: These are Planned & Reactive
About Us
Marlin Services Limited
Marlin Services Ltd is a commercial services and maintenance company covering an area in England from the Midlands down to the south coast, and from Bristol in the west across to the City of London.
Since 1981, Marlin Services has worked in the commercial, industrial, office, local authority and healthcare sectors, and with a number of large property portfolio owners and managers. By consistently delivering excellent results, we’ve gained an enviable reputation for being one of the best in the industry.

Our aim is to:
• Deliver value for money.
• Deliver exceptional levels of customer service and satisfaction.
• Provide continuous improvement.
Quality
Reliability

Contact Us
Tenders
Our long-standing first-class reputation means we’re on the radar for new enquiries almost every day and we welcome invitations to tender from surveyors, facilities managers, consultants and property managers. We are happy to tender for projects for a Contract Sum of £200K.

Contact Us
Reactive Maintenance
We have a strong team of multi-skilled mobile maintenance and emergency response staff, many of whom have been with Marlin for many years. Each is a high calibre, an experienced tradesman with a well-equipped van and full health & safety certification, including asbestos awareness accreditation.
Contact Us
Planned Maintenance for one of our high end clients in Mayfair
View Project
Warner Brothers
View Project
NETFLIX Production of Dark Crystal
View Project




CASE STUDIES

View Projects

Accreditations
(HTM 06-02): Qualifications in Electrical Services for the DARTMENT OF HEALTH – Health Technical Memorandum 06-02: Electrical safety guidance for low voltage systems – Work and safety procedures for operation and management of low voltage electrical installations in healthcare premises.
Quick Links
Contact
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Pages
Our Services
Projects
Clients
Credentials
Health & Safety
Areas Covered
Contacts
01895 238444
Unit 26 Sarum Complex, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2RZ
Copyright © Marlin Services Ltd 1981 - 2024
Website Powered by Brown Booth